The United States Energy Information Administration has predicted that energy consumption will increase by 56% by 2040 . To meet this growing demand, renewable energy solutions have received growing attention. Traditional solutions such as lithium ion systems are costly, have limited energy availability, degrade in capacity, and are typically highly flammable. The all-vanadium redox battery (VRB), patented in 1986 by the University of South Wales , is a promising technology that touts a high power density and considerable energy efficiency. VRB's consists of sulfuric acid solutions of V(II)/V(III) and V(IV)/V(V) redox couples at the negative and positive electrodes, respectively. During charge, electrons move from the catholyte through an external circuit to the anolyte, and during discharge, the reverse occurs. The overall redox reaction during charge and discharge is: V 2 + + V O 2 + + 2 H + ⇌ V O 2 + + V 3 + + H 2 O
A semi-permeable ion exchange membrane is required to maintain the charge balance during charge and discharge. Obtaining an ideal ionomer for this application has proven challenging, as the ideal membrane requires high ion conductivity, high chemical stability, a low vanadium ion permeability, and low electric area resistivity . Significant effort has been made regarding the optimization of cation exchange membranes [4–9]. The use of anion exchange membranes (AEMs) has been proposed as theory suggests a reduction in vanadium ion permeability due to the Donnan exclusion principle. In addition, AEMs are able to transport multiple charge carriers to balance the redox reaction that includes protons, sulfate, or sulfuric acid based electrolytes. Work regarding AEMs in VRBs include those pertaining to functionalized poly(fluorenyl ether)s , poly(phthalazinone ether ketone)s , and poly(sulfone)’s .
Recently, a completely phenylated quaternary ammonium Diels-Alder poly(phenylene) was synthesized that revealed good chemical stability under high pH conditions, adequate mechanical strength, conductivities up to 50 mS/cm , and competitive VRB performance . In this study, the effect of ionic and non-ionic random unit copolymerization of a quaternary ammonium Diels-Alder poly(phenylene) on electrochemical and transport properties, vanadium redox flow battery performance, and material stability is reported.
Methylated poly(phenylene) (mPP) and block copolymers (mPP-PP) were synthesized via Diels-Alder polymerization, as reported elsewhere . Aqueous trimethylamine (50 wt.%, Acros Organics) and Chloroform (99.8%, Fisher Scientific) were used as received. Dupont's Nafion® 117 (Nafion 117) was purchased from Fuel Cell Store©. Prior to use, Nafion 117 underwent pretreatment in 0.5 M H2SO4 (Fisher Sci., 98.0 w/w%) and twice in DI-H2O each at 80 °C for 2 h.
Bromination of Diels-Alder poly(phenylene)s was performed by allylic bromination using N-bromosuccinimide, with benzoyl peroxide as a radical initiator, as described elsewhere . The degree of bromination was determined by 1H NMR, and used to calculate a theoretical ion exchange capacity. Brominated polymers were cast in chloroform (5 wt%). Solutions were filtered through 5 μm PTFE syringes onto a glass mold. The solvent evaporation rate was controlled by covering the casting plate. After 24 h, the polymer films were placed in a vacuum oven at room temperature to ensure the membranes were completely dry. The orange brominated films were transparent, robust, and creasable. Aminated polymers were formed by placing the brominated films in an airtight vessel containing a 1 M solution of trimethylamine in water. Quaternary ammonium homopolymers (AmPP) consisted of only ionic units, while quaternary ammonium random copolymers (AmPP-PP) consisted of an equal number of ionic and non-ionic units (Fig. 1 ). The materials were allowed to soak for 48 h to ensure complete amination. Membranes were then removed, washed with water, and placed into an aqueous 1 M solution of sodium hydroxide for 48 h. Aminated films were soaked in deionized water for 48 h in an open cup, replenishing the water at least twice, to ensure property stability.
In order to confirm complete polymerization, determine copolymer composition, and the degree of bromination, 1H-NMR analysis were performed using a Bruker AVANCE III-HD 400 MHz NMR in CDCl3 solvent. The degree of bromination was used to determine a theoretical ion exchange capacity (IECt).
Gravimetric determination of water uptake for the aminated materials was obtained. Thin films were first soaked in deionized water at room temperature for 48 h. The membrane was then removed, quickly blot dried to remove surface water, and weighed to obtain a “wet mass” (m wet ). The membranes were dried under vacuum at 30 °C for 24 h, and weighed to determine a “dry mass” (mdry). Water uptake was determined by the equation (1) Water uptake = [ m w e t − m d r y m d r y ] × 100
Ion conductivity was determined using electrochemical impedance spectroscopy. The experiments were performed by applying a 10 mV signal and scanned with frequencies of 100 kHz to 100 Hz. A Nyquist plot was generated, and the resistance was obtained where the non-real resistance was equal to zero (Fig. 2 ). The ion conductivity was calculated using the equation σ = L/(R·A), where L is the length between the two sampling electrodes, R is the real resistance, and A is the membrane area available for proton conduction. For this study, experiments were performed at 30 °C in a temperature controlled water bath.
Vanadium ion permeability was measured using a liquid diffusion apparatus. The apparatus included a water jacketed, membrane-separated, 20 ml PermeGear® diffusion cell. Both compartments were temperature controlled, and vigorously stirred using submerged Teflon® magnetic stir bars. A 1 M VOSO4 + 2.5 M H2SO4 solution was place in one compartment, and, to negate osmotic effects, a 1 M MgSO4 + 2.5 M H2SO4 in the other. Aliquots were taken near the membrane every 2 h and analyzed using UV-VIS spectroscopy to determine vanadium ion concentration as a function of time.
To assess performance in a vanadium redox flow battery (VRB) cell, membranes were sandwiched by copper current collectors, graphite serpentine flow fields, and SIGRACELL® carbon felt (GFD4.5) housed by Teflon® gaskets (22% compression). In this system the hydrated membrane thicknesses of synthesized samples were 70–85 μm, and 200 μm for Nafion 117, with an effective cell area of 5 cm2. A solution of 1 M VOSO4 dissolved in 2.5 M H2SO4 was used as the starting electrolyte. 80 ml and 40 ml of the starting electrolyte were placed in the positive and negative electrolyte tanks, respectively. The negative half-cell tank was equipped with a nitrogen purge due to V2+ reactivity with air, and the flow rate set to 20 ml/min. A constant current method with a current density of 30 mA cm−2 was used to charge the cell to 1.7 V. Once achieved, 40 ml of electrolyte was removed from the positive half-cell tank. Charge-discharge tests at 10–40 mA/cm2, in 10 mA/cm2 increments were then performed with terminal voltages set at 1.7 V and 0.8 V respectively. The coulombic efficiency (CE), voltage efficiency (VE) and energy efficiency (EE) was calculated using the equations: (2) CE = t d t c × 100 % (3) VE = V d V c × 100 % (4) EE = CE × VE where t d is the discharging time, t c is the charging time, V d is the average discharging voltage, and V c is the average charging voltage. On completion, the cell was charged to a set capacity (∼50% SOC), and an open circuit voltage (OCV) test was performed.
The ion exchange capacity, water uptake, conductivity and vanadium ion (VO2+) permeability is listed in Table 1 . It has been discovered that on exposure to CO2, absorption causes the rapid neutralization of hydroxide to the carbonate/bicarbonate counter ion . For this reason all films were kept for one week in an open cup before testing to ensure property stability, and then assumed to be fully neutralized into the carbonate/bicarbonate form. The anion exchange membranes (AEMs) display significantly lower conductivities than the cation exchange membrane Nafion 117, as the carbonate/bicarbonate anion has significantly lower dilute solution mobility than the proton. Quaternary ammonium random copolymers (AmPP-PP) were synthesized with high, medium and low ion exchange capacities, controlled by the degree of bromination. With increasing IEC an increasing water uptake, conductivity, and vanadium ion permeability is observed. A quaternary homopolymer, AmPP16, has been synthesized to assess the effect of ion distribution on vanadium redox flow battery performance. AmPP16 and the random block copolymer AmPP-PP15 are similar in ion content, yet AmPP-PP15 displays a water uptake almost 8% lower. The data suggests that the random copolymer chemistry encourages larger hydrophobic domains suppressing water uptake. The drop in water uptake is accompanied by a lower ion conductivity and vanadium ion permeability.
Fig. 3 a displays proton conductivity as a function of water uptake. The figure reveals that the relationship between water uptake and conductivity is unchanged for AmPP16 and the AmPP-PP copolymers. The acid form of Nafion 117, the commercial competitor, has a well-defined morphology that ensures a high ion conductivity and low water uptake . This morphology results in a high molecular permeability, a principle concern in redox flow battery systems . Fig. 3b displays conductivity versus the inverse of vanadium ion permeability, used to represent a vanadium ion resistance. In this plot, an ideal ionomer would lie in the upper right hand corner. It is important to note that the vanadium ion permeability experiment is largely affected by membrane thickness, and therefore direct comparisons between Nafion 117 and the synthesized materials can be misleading. Regardless this plot reveals that Nafion 117 lacks adequate ion selectivity for competitive vanadium redox flow battery performance. The AmPP-PP trend lies to the right of the homopolymer, AmPP, indicating that random block copolymerization has a net positive effect on the ion conductivity/vanadium permeability trade-off, potentially translating to improved VRB system performance.
The coulombic efficiency (CE), displayed in Fig. 4 a, is a measure of capacity loss within the system. A low CE is primarily the result of energy loss due to vanadium ion crossover. It can be seen that CE increases with increasing charge/discharge current density. This occurs as higher charge and discharge currents allow less time for vanadium ions to diffuse across the membrane. Despite a lower measured vanadium ion permeability observed in the diffusion studies, AmPP16 displays lower coulombic efficiencies than Nafion 117. As mentioned, this is because commercial Nafion 117 is purchased with a hydrated membrane thickness of 200 μm, while, to minimize resistivity, the quaternary ammonium Diel-Alder poly(phenylene)s were used with thicknesses of 70–85 μm. At all current densities, despite almost twice the water uptake and less than half the membrane thickness, AmPP-PP22 has CE's comparable to that of Nafion 117. AmPP-PP11 and AmPP-PP15 reveal excellent vanadium ion rejection during charge and discharge, as indicated by high CE's. AmPP-PP15 displays a CE increase of 14% versus AmPP16 at 10 mA/cm2 demonstrating improved charge-carrier selectivity in the random block copolymers.
Fig. 4b displays the voltage efficiency (VE) as a function of current density. Charge and discharge voltage is influenced by the thermodynamic reduction potential of the redox couples in the half cells, and the overpotential of the cell. Membrane resistance contributes to the overpotential, and therefore higher membrane resistances will result in greater charge and lower discharge voltages, lowering the VE. In addition higher currents will increase the ohmic resistance, causing the observed decrease in voltage efficiency with increasing current density. A variation in VE of only roughly 2% is observed for the AmP-PP materials despite large differences in IEC. In addition, despite an incredibly high conductivity, Nafion displays a VE of at most only 8% higher than that of the other materials. This may indicate that in this highly acidic environment there is a lesser difference in ionic conductivity, and therefore area resistivity, a conclusion also reeached in similar studies [21–23]. The energy efficiency (EE) is the product of the CE and VE, and can be used to represent the overall efficiency of the system (Fig. 3c). This analysis has proven useful as improvements in the CE or VE is typically an efficiency trade-off. At low current densities the materials with the lowest vanadium permeability display the highest EE, most notably AmPP-PP11 and AmPP-PP15. This may indicate that these highly selective materials are most useful for low current applications. As discussed, at higher current densities less time is taken to achieve the maximum set voltage which effectively lowers the CE contribution. Therefore AmPP16 and Nafion117, due to high VE's, display superior performance during quick charge/discharge cycles.
Fig. 5 a displays the charge and discharge curves at 10 mA/cm2, whereby the capacity has been normalized to highlight the differences in charge and discharge time. A self-discharge test was performed which is a measure of capacity loss of the battery when the system is not connected to any electrodes. As discussed, the primary loss of capacity is due to permeation of vanadium ion across the ion exchange membrane. The open circuit voltage plot for all materials is displayed in Fig. 5b. All plots decline slowly to 1.25 V and then drop suddenly. The OCV discharge times correlate well to the CE values at 10 mA/cm2. Nafion 117 had an OCV discharge time of roughly 75 h. AmPP16 and AmPP-PP22 display poor selectivity, with OCV discharge times of 37 and 45 h, respectively. AmPP-PP15 had a discharge time of 100 h, over double that of AmPP16. AmPP-PP11 took 11 days to discharge, highlighting incredible vanadium ion rejection in the random copolymers.
In recent work ex-situ strategies have been proposed that allow for the observation of changes in material appearance when exposed to reactive vanadium ion species (Fig. 6 ). In this study a stability test was performed by placing a material in a solution of 0.5 M V5+ and 5 M H2SO4 at 60 °C for a number of days. The V5+ solution is bright yellow, and changes to blue during polymer degradation, attributed to reduction to the VO2+ ion during backbone degradation. This ex situ method allows one to qualitatively observe gradual changes in solution and membrane color. It has been hypothesized that AEM's may exhibit slower rates of degradation over CEM's due to electrostatic repulsion. After 48 h, the parent polymer gave no indication of degradation, while the quaternary ammonium random polymer solutions gradually turned from yellow to green, at a rate increasing with IEC. Such degradation has been observed anion exchange membranes with alterative backbone chemistries [12,21,24]. After 1 week, the materials were removed from the vanadium solutions and rinsed with water (Fig. 6a). As observed in previous studies for AmPP , none of the materials broke apart, and despite darkening of the film (Fig. 6c) AmPP-PP11 and AmPP-PP15 retained their flexibility.
As has been discussed, due to the instability of the hydroxyl counterion, anion exchange membranes are often utilized in alternate ionic forms . Although it is well understood that counterion species has an impact on transport and viscoelastic properties, the effect of the anion exchange membrane counterion on VRB performance has not yet been studied. This brief assessment has been performed to determine if AEM counterion size, mobility, or Lewis Basicity plays a significant role in VRB performance. Table 2 displays properties for AmPP-PP22 materials that have undergone different pretreatment procedures. Initially all samples were converted to the hydroxyl form by soaking the membranes in a 1 M NaOH solution for 48 h, and then removed for individual treatment. Sample 1 underwent a heat treatment in DI-H2O at 80 °C for 2 h. Samples 2 and 3 were placed in 1 M solutions of NaCl and Na3PO4, respectively, and heated at 80 °C for 2 h. The membranes were removed, rinsed, and heated at 80 °C for 2 h in DI-H2O.
Previously, low ion conductivies in AEM's have been attributed to the “rapid CO2 neutralization” phenomenon, and some predictions have been made to account for the theoretical hydroxyl ion mobility . Here, we observe large differences in the properties of AmPP-PP22 that underwent the “open cup method”, and sample 1 that received heat pretreatment. Although it was initially suspected that heating the sample would cause additional swelling ultimately increasing both ion conductivity and vanadium ion permeability, AmPP-PP22-CO3 2- displayed a decrease in these properties. This would suggest that the open cup method insufficiently neutralizes the material from the hydroxyl into the carbonate form. For the annealed samples (1–3), an increasing water uptake is observed with ion valence attributed to a larger ionic hydration radius. That is, the ionic group interacts with more water molecules during solvation. Ion conductivity is predominantly dependent on counterion mobility, and vanadium ion permeability proportional to water uptake.
Fig. 7 a displays the coulombic and voltage efficiencies for the pretreated AmPP-PP22 materials as a function of current density. The coulombic efficiencies of the materials correlate well to the measured water uptake and vanadium ion permeability. AmPP-PP22-Cl- displays a water uptake 5% lower than that of AmPP-PP22-CO3 2-, resulting in a 6.2% increase in CE. Interestingly VE (Fig. 7b) displays no correlation to ion conductivity or water uptake. A weakened relationship between ion conductivity and VE in materials with large differences in ion content has been attributed to high electrolyte acidity [21–23]. The high voltage efficiency of AmPP-PP22-PO4 3- may therefore be due to increased electrolyte permeability. Since the primary loss of capacity is due to permeation of vanadium ions across the ion exchange membrane, the OCV discharge times shown in Fig. 6c correlate well to CE values. All materials that underwent thermal treatment displayed improved self-discharge times. AmPP-PP22-Cl- revealed a 60% greater discharge time over AmPP-PP22, matching Nafion 117 of roughly 75 h.
This study observes quaternary ammonium homopolymer (AmPP) and ionic and non-ionic random unit copolymerization (AmPP-PP) of a Diels-Alder poly(phenylene) on electrochemical and transport properties, vanadium redox flow battery performance, and material stability. AmPP-PP materials were synthesized with IEC's up to 2.2 meq/g, displaying a carbonate form ion conductivity of 17.3 mS/cm and water uptake of 57.3%. The random copolymer displayed lower water uptake than the homopolymer resulting in a marginally lower ion conductivity. Vanadium ion permeability studies revealed that the random copolymers possess superior charge carrier selectivity. Homopolymer and random block copolymer vanadium redox flow battery performance were compared for IEC's of 1.6 and 1.5 meq/g, respectively. At 10 mA/cm2 the random copolymer displayed a 14% higher coulombic efficiency (CE) of 89.9%. Despite a lower voltage efficiency (VE), the random copolymer outperformed the homopolymer with a 7% higher energy efficiency. All quaternary ammonium materials displayed ex situ degradation in a 0.5 M V5+ + 5 M H2SO4 solution, with the rate of degradation appearing to increase with IEC. Preliminary studies reveal that the neutralizing counterion has a significant effect on VRB performance. The typical efficiency trade-off was not observed, with membrane resistance showing little correlation to VE suggesting large contributions from molecular diffusion.
Thermoelectric materials act as solid state transducers that can convert the flow of thermal energy into electrical energy, or vice versa. Use of thermoelectrics as a solid state heat pump for refrigeration is well known , and has even been extended to such applications as cooled seats in luxury automobiles . The history of thermoelectrics in power generation is equally long. NASA, for example, has used radioisotope-powered thermoelectric generators to power satellites since the 1960s  and a similar generator is currently powering the Curiosity rover on Mars . Recently, there has been renewed interest in thermoelectrics for waste heat recovery, for boosting the efficiency of microelectronics, and as power sources for wireless sensor networks, medical devices, and wearable electronics  and .
These newer applications require thinner, more flexible form factors  and , in contrast to more traditional rigid, block-like designs. Peltier coolers with a thin form factor can offer significant increases in cooling power over more conventional designs, provided the thermoelectric material retains a substantial fraction of the bulk material performance  and . Interest in these novel form factors is driving interest in alternative deposition techniques. Recent work has employed dispenser  and , stencil , screen  and , and spray  printing as the deposition technology, with an eye to the development of flexible energy harvesters  , and . These approaches face a common problem: the as-deposited material is a powder, often in a liquid paste form, that must be consolidated at atmospheric pressure. In addition, the thermal budget (processing temperature integrated over time) needs to be compatible with flexible, i.e., polymeric substrates. Reported consolidation methods include laser heating of the printed material  and a high temperature sintering step in which additional Te powder is introduced into the heating chamber to limit the loss of vaporized tellurium from the Sb2Te3 thermoelectric . Evans and co-workers have added selenium  and additional tellurium  to their powders to lower the sintering temperature and improve the electrical properties of their dispenser-printed formulations.
In the above mentioned works, the challenge of fabricating a consolidated material from a powder is met primarily by adjusting the processing conditions. In the work reported here, we address this challenge through a materials chemistry approach. In particular, we have investigated the use of low-melting point, tellurium-based compounds as additives to Bi0.5Sb1.5Te3 (BST) thermoelectric material. These additives act as low temperature sintering aids for zero pressure processing of powders into consolidated thermoelectric elements. This study was enabled by the development of a rapid screening technique based on reusable graphite molds. The molds allowed us to process small amounts of material directly into bar-shaped samples suitable for electrical measurement. The combination of sample consolidation during heating and graphite's exfoliating properties allowed for a clean and easy sample release after heat treatment (during the development of this screening tool, we learned that Talapin et al.  developed a similar approach for shaping thermoelectric composite materials). Using these molds enabled us to quickly investigate a substantial number of additives over a range of concentrations.
One of the main advantages of the paste formulation in this work is that the paste can be used in the screen-printing process, which is a high throughput manufacturing technique and is commonly used in the production of photovoltaic devices. Furthermore, the screening technique and formulation developed in this work can be adapted for use in other additive manufacturing techniques, such as 3D-printing and stereolithography . These manufacturing techniques enable the production of electronic elements with complex geometries, which can increase the performance and efficiency of energy devices .
As a result of these investigations, we were able to identify the eutectic compound Sb7.5Te92.5 as the best candidate additive, scale up a composite material based on that additive, and formulate a screen-printable thermoelectric paste. Parts printed and processed from that paste were found to have a thermoelectric figure of merit, calculated from individual measurements of Seebeck coefficient, thermal conductivity, and electrical conductivity, of ZT = 0.74.
Bismuth antimony telluride (BST) powders were generated through mechanical alloying of elemental Bi, Sb, and Te powders in a 0.5/1.5/3.01 M ratio. The ball-to-material ratio (BMR) was kept between 2.0 and 3.5. The additives were generated through melt synthesis in a quartz tube furnace under an argon atmosphere. As a standard practice, the furnace was purged (by evacuation and back-filling with process gas) a minimum of 3 times prior to each use. The additives were then cryogenically ball-milled for particle size reduction. Composite materials were created by cryogenic milling BST and additive powders together in 5 mL stainless steel vials with a BMR of 1.0 and a powder loading of 2.0 g per vial. A scaled-up process for larger batches of composite used a 50 mL stainless steel milling jar with a BMR of 2.0 and a powder loading of 20.0 g per jar.
Samples of thermoelectric material were formed by heat treating the composite powders in graphite molds. The molds were fabricated by cutting 2 mm wide, 11.2 mm long, 1.2 mm deep channels in blocks of graphite. The molds were prepared by over-filling each channel to form a small mound, and then hand-compressing the mound using the flat bottom of a quartz crucible. A second iteration of this mounding/compaction process was carried out to ensure homogeneous material distribution within the channel. The three channels in each mold were always filled with the same composite. The filled molds were then heat treated in a quartz tube furnace under forming gas. All molded samples were held at the maximum temperature indicated in Table 2 for 1 min. After heat treatment, the samples were removed by simply inverting the molds (Fig. 1 ).
Baseline comparison samples were formed by hot pressing in a standard plate press using 12.7 mm diameter stainless steel dies. Additives were hot pressed at 120 ± 20 MPa with the platens held at 613 K for a minimum of 30 min. A BST control sample was hot pressed in an argon atmosphere using a graphite die at a temperature of 723 K for 20 min.
Screen printable pastes were formulated by blending BST (or BST composite) powder (89.4 wt%), ethyl cellulose binder (0.7 wt%), and Texanol™ organic vehicle (9.9 wt%) in a speedmixer. Texanol™ is an ester alcohol and has a boiling point of 254 °C (at 760 mm Hg), a molecular weight of 216.321 g mol− 1, and is a trademark of Eastman Chemical Company. The resulting pastes were then printed using a 60 mesh screen in 2 mm × 5 mm bars for electrical measurement and 15.2 mm squares for thermal conductivity measurements. Printed parts were dried in air at 333 K for 30 min prior to thermal processing.
X-ray diffraction was performed on select powdered samples (Supplementary Materials, Figs. 6–9) for phase identification. The selected samples were ground using an agate mortar & pestle and mounted on a low background silicon specimen holder as a thin layer of powdered material mixed with a 1:2 collodion/pentyl acetate solution. Cu-Kα diffraction patterns were obtained with a Philips X’PERT Model 3040 and X'Celerator RTMS detector in continuous scan mode. Data were collected over the range 4°<2θ < 80° with an equivalent step size of 0.2° and a count time of 80 s. JADE 9.1.1 software was used for search/match in conjunction with the ICDD PDF-4+ 2012 database. For multi-phase samples, the weight percent of each phase was determined through least-squares fits to the entire measured pattern.
Densities of graphite-molded materials were calculated from the weight and external dimensions of rectangular parallelepipeds cut from larger samples.
The powder melting points were determined by differential scanning calorimetry (DSC) measurements with a TA Instruments SDT Q600, scanned at a rate of 10 K per minute under flowing nitrogen gas (Supplementary Materials, Figs. 1–5).
Electrical conductivity and Seebeck coefficient measurements were made on the molded samples without further processing. The hot- and cold-pressed comparison samples were cut into long, narrow bars using a wire saw. The electrical conductivity was measured using a four-point probe station and a source/measurement unit (SMU). The current of the SMU was ramped, and the conductivity determined from the slope of the voltage vs. current curve to eliminate thermoelectric effects and other DC offsets. Seebeck coefficients were determined by electrically and thermally anchoring the samples to a pair of Cu blocks separated by a 5–8 mm air gap; the setup is shown schematically in Fig. 2 . One block remained at room temperature while the temperature of the other was stepped in 1 K increments from 297 K to 300 K. The voltage across the sample was measured using a high input impedance differential amplifier, and the Seebeck coefficient determined from the slope of the voltage vs. temperature curve. The thermal diffusivity α was determined using a Netzch LFA 447 Nano Flash. The heat capacity C p was obtained using a TA Instruments Q2000 DSC using the three run method. The thermal conductivity k was calculated from k = αρC p , where the bulk density ρ was determined from the sample mass and external dimensions.
Additives to enable the low-temperature sintering of thermoelectric composite materials must satisfy a number of stringent requirements. They should themselves have a low melting temperature. They must have a Seebeck coefficient of the same polarity, and preferably similar magnitude, as the host material in order to avoid diode-like inter particle effects. Finally, their electrical conductivity should not significantly exceed that of the host material so that, while electrically and mechanically joining the host particles, they do not shunt the current around them.
Our approach to selecting additives for p-type bismuth antimony telluride that satisfy these requirements has been to focus on eutectics of tellurium. The use of eutectics ensures a low melting temperature. Basing the eutectics on tellurium increases the likelihood of polarity matching, since Te itself is an intrinsically p-type conductor. The candidate additives, eutectics of Te with Bi, Sb, Cu, Ag, and Ge, are listed in Table 1 , together with their melting points. The electrical conductivities σ and Seebeck coefficients S given in the table were made on samples cut from hot-pressed pellets. For comparison purposes, the properties of a hot pressed pellet of the BST material are also shown.
As described in the Experimental Section, composite materials were made by cryogenic co-milling of these additives with the BST powder. Cryogenic milling was used to prevent alloying of the additives with the BST. The goal was a well-mixed powder, but with each material retaining its chemical identity. The resulting composite powders were then heated in the graphite molds to form sintered solids. In evaluating the resulting composites, we sought materials in which the electrical conductivity was significantly higher than that of the pure BST material, indicating good sintered contact between the BST particles. In addition, we sought composites in which the Seebeck coefficient was not significantly reduced from the BST value.
Table 2 summarizes the electrical conductivity, Seebeck coefficient and power factor (PF) for additives at selected weight percent loadings. Except as noted, the reported values represent the average across the three samples from a single mold (a complete listing can be found in the Supplementary Materials). For each additive, the processing temperature was chosen to be approximately 25–30 K above its melting point (Supplementary Materials, Figs. 1–4) to ensure liquid phase sintering. Where we combined additives with different melting temperatures, the processing temperature corresponded to the higher melting additive. All the loading levels for a given additive were processed together in a single run of the quartz tube furnace (see Fig. 1). Also included in Table 2 are the results for control samples made from BST powder without additive. Depending on the processing temperature, these controls were either treated together with composites, as indicated in Fig. 1, or in a separate run. For later reference, Table 2 also includes the results for a powder composed entirely of the Sb-Te eutectic additive.
For a coarse-grained powder under low compression, inter-particle sintering typically begins at approximately 80% of the melting point of a material , and the BST powders appear to conform to this behavior. The electrical conductivity of the BST control samples increases by an order of magnitude between the 683 K and 718 K processing temperatures, and the latter temperature represents 81% of the BST powder's 883 K melting temperature (see Supplementary Materials, Fig. 5). We therefore conclude that the electrical conductivity in the Cu and Ge composites arises primarily from the melting of the additive, with little contribution from the BST particles. Something more complex appears to govern the conductivity in the case of the Ag composite, an aspect of the results which we leave as the subject of future work. In the case of the Bi and Sb containing additives, direct sintering of the BST particles becomes possible, so that the resulting material can be modeled as a composite thermoelectric.
An examination of the results in Table 2 shows the expected trade-off between an increase in the electrical conductivity and a decrease in the Seebeck coefficient for the Cu and Ag based additives. The Ge and Bi based additives do not offer much of an increase in the conductivity over the BST controls, but have a lower Seebeck coefficient and a concomitantly small power factor. In an attempt to raise the conductivity and gain back some of the loss in Seebeck coefficient, we tested 50-50 mixtures of the Ge-Te eutectic with the Cu-Te and Ag-Te eutectics. As can be seen from Table 2, these mixtures did not offer a significant improvement, and the power factor of the Ge-Te/Ag-Te mixture was particularly low.
Table 2 also shows the basic value of our approach, independent of the performance of any particular additive. The spread in measured conductivities, as indicated by the uncertainties in parentheses, for the BST controls is quite large, reflecting the fact that without additives, these samples were poorly consolidated. The samples with additive, however, show an improved conductivity (with a few material specific exceptions) and, more importantly, a reduced spread in the measurements.
From a practical perspective, these results show that the Sb7.5Te92.5 eutectic offers the most promise. The power factor for the composite is more than twice the power factor for the BST control processed at the same temperature. For that reason, we selected the antimony-based additive for further study as a printable thermoelectric composite material.
In this study, summarized in Fig. 3 , we varied both the amount of additive and the processing temperature. Fig. 3a shows that the Seebeck coefficient is independent of the processing temperature, but shows a steady decrease as a function the volume fraction of additive. Also shown in the figure is the composite thermoelectric model of Bergman and coworkers  and . The solid line is calculated assuming the additive properties are those of the pressed pellet reference sample (Table 1), while the dashed line assumes the properties of the graphite-molded material (Table 2). It is clear that while neither case precisely captures the observed behavior, the general downward trend with increasing additive is not unexpected.
Fig. 3b shows the measured electrical conductivity compared with a scaled version of the composite model. As in the case of the Seebeck coefficient, there is no significant difference between materials processed at different temperatures. Instead, the results are heavily influenced by the density of the samples. The powders are hand packed into the graphite mold and are not heated to the melting point of the BST. Therefore, we expect that the resulting solids are not fully dense, but rather have an open, porous structure, and a correspondingly reduced electrical conductivity. The measured densities, based on the sample masses and external dimensions, are shown in Fig. 3d. Also shown is the “density fraction,” the ratio of the observed density to what would be expected from a fully dense material. This density fraction has been used in Fig. 3b to scale the conductivity calculated from the Bergman composite model. As in Fig. 3a, the solid and dashed lies represent the results using the additive properties from pressed pellets and molded samples, respectively.
Although the graphite mold technique offers a direct route to optimizing powders for zero-pressure processing, it does have a drawback that is evident in the large uncertainties in Fig. 3b. Examination of the samples under a microscope revealed the presence of small, micron-scale cracks predominantly perpendicular to the long axis of the samples. These cracks are therefore perpendicular to the electrical current path when measuring the sample conductivity. Although we did not attempt to quantify the relationship, we generally observed that samples with a greater degree of cracking had a higher resistance. The origin of these cracks has not been conclusively identified, but may be the result of thermal stresses during sample cooling.
Fig. 3d shows the power factor computed from the data in Fig. 3a–b, together with the results from the composite model. Although an important result from that model is the possibility of a maximum in the power factor as a function of composition  and , the broad maximum seen in the figure is unrelated. Rather, it is driven by the sample density, as discussed above. Note that the power factor is essentially independent of the amount of additive in the composite above an additive fraction of 15%.
The goal of this work is to develop a solid-state chemistry approach to the design of screen printable thermoelectric materials. In order to validate our approach, we scaled up the composite with 15 wt% additive and formulated it as a paste for screen printing. The reasoning behind this choice of additive fraction was straightforward. The experiments on the graphite-molded samples showed no strong dependence of the power factor on the additive concentration. By choosing the 15% additive level, we chose to keep the Seebeck coefficient of the composite as high as possible, so that any improvements in conductivity (achieved through better densification of the printed parts) would result in an overall improvement in performance.
Using a standard 60 mesh screen, we printed 2 mm by 5 mm bars of the composite paste, and a control paste formulated from pure BST powder, onto standard alumina substrates. The wet thickness of the printed samples was 95 μm. After a solvent-drying step, the printed samples were heat treated under forming gas in the tube furnace at 748 K. We used a heating profile of 10 K min−1, followed by a hold at the maximum temperature for 1 min, and a 5 K per minute cool-down to room temperature.
Electrical conductivity measurements were performed directly on the as-printed bars. For Seebeck measurements, it was necessary to carefully separate the bars from the alumina substrates. There was no indication of preferred orientation in the samples; thus, thermal conductivity was performed in the through-plane direction using the laser flash method. The results are summarized in Table 3 , which includes data on a BST-only paste for comparison.
As we observed with our mold-processed materials, the BST paste without additive exhibits a Seebeck coefficient similar to that of the hot-pressed material (Table 1), but has a significantly smaller electrical conductivity. The resulting power factor is 6.1 μW cm−1 K−2. For the printed material with eutectic additive, the Seebeck coefficient is nearly identical to what was observed for the mold processed material, but the electrical conductivity is about 50% higher. The resulting power factor of 14.8 μW cm−1 K−2 is 2.4 times larger than that of the printed material without additive.
The thermal conductivity of the two printed materials also differs greatly. The thermal conductivity of the BST-only material is 0.31 W m−1 K−1, similar to previous reports of printed BST  and , while the thermal conductivity of the 15 wt% additive material is nearly doubled at 0.60 W m−1 K.
The increased thermal conductivity is likely due to the additive matrix and will be the topic of a future investigation. The dimensionless thermoelectric figure of merit for the 15 wt% additive printed material, calculated from Z T = T S 2 σ k − 1 and assuming T = 300 K, is 0.74, about 25% higher than for the BST-only printed paste.
Since sintering is an Arrhenius-type process in which the dominant effects occur at the highest temperatures, a reasonable estimate of the thermal budget for a manufacturing process is the product of the maximum temperature with the time at that temperature. Table 4 lists, to the best of our knowledge, the highest reported ZT values for printed bismuth telluride-based materials found in the literature, their maximum processing temperatures, and the required thermal budgets. Bismuth telluride-based printed ZT values in excess of 0.4 have been previously reported. In particular, We et al.  have reported a ZT of 0.61 for screen printed n-type Bi2Te3 consisting of Bi and Te powders, glass, organic binder, and solvent. The reported ZT was obtained using a temperature of 773 K and a thermal budget of 193 K h. By comparison, the BST with eutectic additive in this work achieves a higher material ZT with significantly reduced maximum processing temperature and overall thermal budget, both of which are compatible with polyimide flexible substrates. It is worth emphasizing that we have kept the stoichiometry of the BST constant throughout this study. Further improvements are likely possible through optimization of the Bi/Sb ratio in the BST starting material.
We have used a materials chemistry-based approach for the development of bismuth-antimony-telluride materials that can be formulated into pastes suitable for screen printing. The key aspect of our approach is the replacement of a high-pressure processing step with a low melting point eutectic additive. Using a rapid screening process based on graphite molds, we were able to quickly explore a range of additives, additive concentrations, and processing temperatures. This screening work showed that for Bi0.5Sb1.5Te3 p-type material, the most suitable additive was Sb7.5Te92.5, which was found to be effective when added at levels as low as 15 wt%. When scaled to a larger batch size and formulated for screen printing, this material exhibited a power factor of 14.8 μW cm−1 K−2 and a thermal conductivity of 0.60 W m−1 K−1, resulting in a calculated figure of merit ZT = 0.74. The thermal budget for processing this material, 12 K h, is considerably below what has been previously reported in the literature.
Introduction
Aging of dynamical systems is defined as the loss of functionality over time. Understanding of aging phenomena is critical for predicting the Remaining Useful Life (RUL) and for system design. Prognosis allows prediction of RUL using current state of the system, aging dynamics and future operating conditions. Prognosis for interconnected systems poses challenges due to the aging propagation among the components and other system interactions. Aging of one element may influence aging in the other elements, leading to faster aging of the overall system. A battery pack consists of battery cells, cooling system, and Battery Management System (BMS). Life of the battery pack affects the life-time cost of the vehicle, which includes servicing, maintenance and equipment replacement costs. Understanding the aging phenomena of the battery pack has been a research topic in the automotive industry for a couple of decades [1–3]. Prognosis methods in general are not new to the automotive industry. For example, life of engine oil is dynamically computed using actual in-use vehicle conditions and that information is used to predict the time until the next oil change. Similarly, prognosis of battery packs in electrified vehicles is important to avoid sudden power loss. Furthermore, prognostic capabilities may enable life extending functions in the vehicle control systems.
arious types of aging models have been developed and played a pivotal role in prognosis [4–7]. However, these high fidelity aging model are nonlinear and involve many model parameters required to be identified. The aging phenomena is attributed to a complicated electrochemical reaction mechanism. In order to develop an aging model for a pack for on-board prognosis, a control oriented model is necessary [8–11].
Past research at the Center for Automotive Research (CAR), at the Ohio State University (OSU) has established an aging model for lithium-ion pouch cells containing blended spinel and layered-oxide positive electrodes. These aging models were then extended for packs by appropriate consideration of electrical and thermal balancing as well as the differences among individual cells . A semi-empirical aging model is adopted in the work to reach a balance between model complexity, computational efficiency and physical understanding of the aging mechanism for a cell. Such a model may be implemented for pack-level prognosis when the aging model of every cell in the pack is known. However, the manufacturing variability may cause heterogeneity between the interconnected cells, making identification of the aging model for all the cells challenging. One way of addressing this issue is to consider aging model parameters as the state variables and implement dynamic estimation methods such as Extended Kalman Filter (EKF) or Nonlinear Predictive Filter (NPF) to estimate both State Of Health (SOH) and the aging model. However, in most experimentally validated aging models , the SOH appears as a nonlinear static function of measured or estimated variables, such as State Of Charge (SOC) or temperature. Those filtering techniques may not be directly applicable for on-board prognosis due to computational complexity. These approaches require a separate filter for each cell or module in series. Another approach is to identify the aging model on line using machine learning and data driven algorithms, for example, Artificial Neural Networks (ANNs) .
In this paper, we propose a model based estimation framework that is specifically developed for the algebraic aging models in order to improve both accuracy and computational complexity. The proposed framework updates the aging model of the cells with only the knowledge of SOH and SOC estimation of the entire pack. Cell-to-cell heterogeneity due to manufacturing variability and exposure to different temperatures in a pack can be probabilistically quantified using measurements or estimations of physical parameters of cells. The aging model of the pack can then be derived by combining cell aging models in probabilistic sense. The proposed framework is suitable for on-board prognosis of a Plug-in Hybrid Electric Vehicle (PHEV) battery pack. It is not restricted to any specific cell chemistry or a type of aging model. In addition, the proposed framework updates the parameters of the aging model of the pack if physical parameter measurements and estimations of SOC and SOH are available, which is generally true in practical usage of PHEV. It is worth mentioning that the probability of one cell being most aged (or the probability of being the “weakest” cell) is naturally included in the framework. This information is valuable to improve the BMS control scheme, rebuilding the battery pack, and replacing aged modules to prolong the life time of the pack. Hence, we believe the paper makes important contributions that are not available in the literature: 1. extension of the cell-level aging model to pack aging model in a probabilistic sense 2. identification of a the semi-empirical aging model that can be used with measurements available in a typical production PHEV 3. identification of the most aged cell in a battery pack extension of the cell-level aging model to pack aging model in a probabilistic sense identification of a the semi-empirical aging model that can be used with measurements available in a typical production PHEV identification of the most aged cell in a battery pack
The rest of the paper is organized as follows. In section 2, we review the aging model of a cell. A motivating example based on experiment data is also provided to illustrate the necessity of aging model parameter estimation. Section 3 establishes the probabilistic framework to aging characteristics of the battery packs. Simulation studies and experiments are demonstrated in Section 4 to show the effectiveness of the proposed method.
In this section, we will first review typical aging models for a battery cell, and how degradation of single cell affects the aging of a pack. A realistic method for identifying the aging model for battery cell is also described. Using single cell aging campaign data, we demonstrate that the aging model parameter estimation improves the predictive capabilities of the aging model. This example provides motivation for pack level aging model parameter estimation to improve prognosis of a pack.
The aging of a battery cell is characterized by the capacity fade and resistance growth. For the aging attributed to resistance growth, we will only focus on the ohmic resistance instead of detailed second order equivalent resistance model . Let x c and x r be the percentage capacity loss and resistance growth respectively. The aging model of cell i can be written in the following form in general (1) { x c , i ( t ) = f c ( z i , α i , t ) x r , i ( t ) = f r ( z i , α i , t ) , z i = [ S O C i , T i , V i , I i ] where T i is the battery internal temperature, V i is the terminal voltage, I i is the input current, and α i ∈ ℝ n is the vector collecting the aging model parameters . The z i , also called as stress factors, are time dependent, and aging of the cell depends on the time history of these inputs. However, it has been shown using Palmgren-Miner rule that the aging is cumulative and does not depend on the cycling sequence, provided certain conditions are met . Hence, the history of z t is captured in cumulative sense. For example S O C ( t ) may appear as m i n τ ∈ [ 0 , t ) ( S O C ( τ ) ) , and current usually appears as cumulative charge throughput.
As shown in Fig. 1 , a common commercial battery pack in PHEV has the strings of parallel (SP) cells interconnection to provide desired current as well as power. However, cell balancing control is typically not implemented for each cell in the elements of parallel cells, since on-board estimation of current split is not trivial. Hence, the cells connected in parallel can be considered as one element  for on-board prognosis application. We can therefore equivalently study a string of cells interconnection shown in Fig. 4 . Let N be the number of elements (cells) in the string. If the cell balancing is passive, then the percentage capacity loss of the entire pack X c is given as . (2) X c = max i ∈ [ N ] x c , i , where the capacity aging of the pack is characterized by the one associated with the most aged (weakest) cell in the string . Similarly, the percentage resistance growth of the pack X r is . (3) X r = max i ∈ [ N ] x r , i .
The resistance of the pack is characterized by the cell with the largest resistance. Due to the direct relation between SOC and capacity, SOC of the pack is defined similarly . (4) SOC = min i ∈ [ N ] SOC i .
Readers are referred to  for more details about the pack-cell relation in Eqs. (2)–(4). In an ideal case where the aging model of every cell in the pack is well identified, and time history of inputs z i are available with no uncertainty, X c and X r can be directly computed by the pack-cell relations in Eqs. (2)–(4). However, α i is different between cells due to the manufacture difference. The identification of α i is challenging due to the limited measurements available for cells. For example, the capacity estimation has orders of magnitude larger sampling time as compared to the sampling time step for current, temperature and voltage measurements. Also, in a typical PHEV the capacity measurement/estimation is only available over pack, but not over each single cell. In addition, aging is characterized by nonlinear algebraic equation (1) instead of dynamical models, hence common filtering techniques cannot be directly used. Therefore, we need to develop a parameter estimation algorithm for interconnected systems.
In rest of the paper, we will only focus on the capacity aging because the capacity loss and resistance growth have similar aging models and pack-cell aging relationship. The results for the capacity aging model can be directly applied to the resistance aging.
In this subsection, we will use experimental data to demonstrate the necessity of parameter estimation. The motivating example suggests that even for the single cell case, a small error in the aging model parameter calibration can lead to a unsatisfactory prognosis . The aging model of a single cell is typically calibrated using laboratory test beds under controlled environmental conditions. The calibrated model obtained from the aging campaigns is then used for SOH estimation and PHM. Due to cell-to-cell variations and modeling approximations, the aging model parameters collected in α i are uncertain. A small error of the parameters may lead to a large error in the prognosis. In this part of the research, we have performed sensitivity analysis on the single cell model in order to demonstrate that even for single cell, the aging model alone is not sufficient for long range prognosis. We then use some standard parameter and state estimation algorithms to show that the parameter estimation improves prognosis. Development and calibration of single cell model is done using aging campaigns performed at Center for Automotive Research (CAR), at the Ohio State University (OSU).
The capacity fade due to charge-discharge cycling of Li-Ion cells is enhanced by cell skin temperature, cumulative charge throughput, minimum SOC, charge rate, and time in charge depleting and charge sustaining mode. The cumulative charge throughput is defined as - (5) A h t = ∫ 0 t | I ( τ ) | d τ where I ( t ) is instantaneous current through the cell, and A h t is the accumulated ampere hour at time t. The capacity loss ( x c ) or the State Of Health (SOH) of a battery cell as a function of cumulative charge throughput is defined as - (6) x c ( t ) = 100 % × S ( 0 ) − S ( A h t ) S ( 0 ) where, S is the capacity of the battery cell (typically measured in Coulomb), which is a function of cumulative charge throughput A h t . Other than the accumulated throughput, the time dependency of the capacity fade is also encoded in R a t i o , which is defined as follows . (7) R a t i o = t c d t c d + t c s where, t c d is the time in charge depleting mode and t c s is the time in charge sustaining mode. During the experimental campaign it was found that at low charging rate, the capacity fade is not sensitive to the charging rate, so it is not explicitly modeled here.
Now, the semi-empirical capacity fade model can be written as  - (8) x c ( A h t ) = a c ( S O C m i n , R a t i o ) e − E a c / R g T ( A h t ) y where, T is cell skin temperature, S O C m i n is the minimum SOC, E a c is the activation energy, R g is the ideal gas constant, and y ∈ ( 0,1 ] is a calibration variable. The function a c ( S O C m i n , R a t i o ) has the form - (9) a c ( S O C m i n , R a t i o ) = a 1 + a 2 ( R a t i o ) a 3 + a 4 ( S O C m i n − S O C 0 ) c
The constant parameters a 1 , a 2 , a 3 , a 4 , y ∈ ( 0,1 ] and 0 < E a c are the calibration variables at known S O C 0 = 0.25 and c = 3 .
In order to calibrate the capacity fade model dependence on the stress factors, the experimental data obtained during an aging campaign conducted on pouch cells with composite NMC-LMO positive electrode and carbon graphite negative electrode is used. The aging campaign is summarized in Table 1 . Experiment 15 from Table 1 is used for validation of the model and predictive capabilities of the model, hence, it is not included in the calibration process. All the other experiments are used for calibrating the parameters. The parameter values obtained after calibration process are given in Table 2 .
An uncertainty analysis is done using Monte Carlo (MC) analysis to determine the accuracy of the aging model for prognosis. 100 nodes are randomly generated in the parameter space using normal distribution with mean equal to nominal parameter values and standard deviation of 5 % of the nominal value. The 100 models thus generated are simulated and the results are compared with the experimental data obtained from experiment 15. The standard deviation and mean are shown in Fig. 2b. It can be seen that the uncertainty in the prediction is not acceptable for long term prognosis.
A sensitivity analysis is performed on the aging model to identify the parameters that affect prognosis. The sensitivity analysis is done using the numerical perturbation method. The normalized sensitivity is defined as - (10) S e n α = A h α + δ α | x c = 80 % − A h α − δ α | x c = 80 % 2 δ α where α without a subscript is one of the aging model parameters - y a 1 a 2 a 3 a 4 E a c , δ α is a perturbation in the parameter, and S e n is the sensitivity metric. The sensitivity metric provides the change in the cumulative charge throughput required to reach 80 % of the SOH, for a small change in the aging model parameter.
Fig. 2c shows the comparison between absolute sensitivities with respect to all the parameters. It can be seen that only parameters y and a 3 have significant effect on the SOH prediction.
In order to demonstrate that the online parameter estimation improves predictive capabilities of the model, we used four different online parameter estimation algorithms namely - 1) Extended Kalman Filter (EKF), 2) Unscented Kalman Filter (UKF), 3) Particle Filter (PF) and 4) Extended Kalman Particle Filter (EKPF) . For parameter estimation, the capacity measurements available from experiment 15 are used as measured capacity. In order to improve the estimation, we resampled the data at smaller sampling period of 0.8 [kAh]. Fig. 3 and Table 3 show that the models obtained after parameter estimation have better prediction Root Mean Square Error(RMSE). For estimation and prediction, the re-sampled experimental data is divided into two zones, estimation period and prediction validation period. First 23 data points, i.e. 0 to 17.6 [kAh] charge throughput, are used for estimation and last 6 data points 17.6 to 22.4 [kAh] of charge throughput are used to validate the predictions made by the original model and the estimated model. Only parameters a 1 , a 2 , a 3 and a 4 are used for the estimation. Although parameter y has the maximum effect on the accuracy of the model, the value of y is determined from the electro-chemical model. The value of y should be close to 0.5 and hence it is not really a calibration parameter. Similar argument is true for E a c .
During the prediction period, the RMSE between the capacity measurements (experimental data) and SOH predictions made by the original model is 6.04 × 10 − 2 . It can be observed from Table 3 that the model parameters obtained at the end of the estimation period provide a model with better prognosis capabilities. It can be noticed from Table 3 that the estimation RMSE is more than the prediction RMSE. This is due to the fact that the estimation takes time to converge to the true values of parameters, whereas the model parameters for prediction period are already estimated.
In conclusion, the model calibrated using laboratory experiments can be significantly improved by performing online parameter estimations. This result for single cell motivated us to leverage the online parameter estimation method to apply for battery packs.
In this section, a framework is developed for pack level prognosis using the cell level aging model. A probabilistic framework is proposed to derive the aging model for battery packs based on the typically available measurements or estimates in a PHEV.

Available measurements or estimates in a PHEV
For a common battery management system such as the one shown in reference , cell (or module) level voltage and temperature is measured for battery management. Integrated pack current is also available. Since we consider string cells interconnection as shown in Fig. 4, the current of every module in series is simply equal to the current of the pack. The physical variables of the cells z i , i ∈ [ N ] , can all be measured and the SOC of all the cells can be estimated. The estimation on SOC i , i ∈ [ N ] is required for cell balancing control, and for prognosis. However, cell level SOC is not required for prognosis of the pack, but only pack level SOC estimation is sufficient.
Among many works dealing with the SOC estimation [25–29], several of them further use the estimated SOC to compute the capacity instead of the aging model in Eq. (1) . However, all those estimations on the capacity only regard the capacity as a constant variable. The assumption is valid for many applications due to the slow degradation of the capacity. Since our objective is updating the model that captures the slow aging of the capacity, a measurement or estimation on the slow varying capacity is needed. Hence, we will extend the existing SOC estimation framework and incorporate the model based estimation on the time varying capacity. A battery pack SOC estimation algorithm using lumped parameter model of the pack and dual filters was proposed by Zhang et al. , and a machine learning based method was proposed in Ref. . The proposed dual SOC and capacity estimation method can be considered as a direct extension of . In Ref. , an analytical method is proposed to estimate SOC. The open circuit voltage (OCV), V o c is first analytically solved using the sequence of measurements of terminal voltage and current. The SOC is then analytically derived by V o c and the OCV-SOC curve. With the analytical solution of V o c , we modify the SOC estimation method in reference  into dual SOC and time-varying capacity estimation in the following (11) { SOC k + 1 = SOC k + Δ I k X c k + w x k , V o c k = η k SOC k + w y k , where the superscript is the time instant, η is a constant drawing the relation between SOC and V o c , w x , and w y are Gaussian white noise. The first part of Eq. (11) is the coulomb counting. The constant η k for the mapping from SOC to V o c can be derived from OCV-SOC curve. The OCV-SOC curve is shown to be invariant to temperature and aging  when normalized by capacity at the temperature and age, so it is expected to have accurate selection of η k . However, for some types of batteries, the hysteresis also plays an important role in determining η k . Since the hysteresis is out of scope of this paper, we will assume η k can be well defined by sufficient information of OCV-SOC relation.
Consider [ SOC , 1 X c ] as the variable to be identified and V o c as a measurement. Equation (11) is a linear system suitable for applying linear Kalman filter. Other more advanced filtering methods may be considered if the assumption on Gaussian noise w x and w y is not valid. With Kalman filter, both capacity and SOC of the pack can be efficiently estimated. Notice that in some existing works, SOC and the capacity are estimated in a separate time-scale with much more frequent SOC estimation. The computational complexity can then be reduced. The proposed estimation method can be directly incorporated in the time-scale separation framework if needed. The estimated SOC and capacity can be written as X ˆ c = X c + w , SOC ˆ = SOC + w s , where the probability distribution of the noise w and w s depend on w x and w y in Eq. (11). As the pack level of capacity ( X ˆ c ) is provided, the capacity loss of the weakest cell is known from Eq. (2), while which cell is that weakest one is unknown. The aging model is updated whenever the capacity estimation from the measurement is made. As illustrated in Fig. 4, all SOC ˆ , X ˆ c k , and z i (excluding SOC i ) served as the reference for the identification of the aging model. For convenience, we will define z i = [ T i , V i , I i ] as the physical variables to distinguish the directly measured variables from the estimated ones.
Given the aging model of cells in Eq. (1) and cell-pack relation of the percentage capacity loss, the aging model of the pack is developed. Due to the manufacturing difference, every cell in the pack may have different aging properties. The heterogeneous aging among cells is characterized by α. It is assumed that the statistical data reflecting the manufacturing differences is available so that the distribution function of α is known as a priori. Every cell j has α j initialized to follow the distribution with density function D 0 . The probability distribution of every cell D j can be updated as the physical variables SOC ˆ , X ˆ c k , and z i are measured or estimated. Given SOC ˆ , X ˆ c k , and z i , the probability for cell i being the most aged at time k, P ( X c k = f c ( [ SOC ˆ k , z i k ] , α i k , k ) ) , can be calculated. By viewing the capacity of cell i, x c , i k = f c ( [ SOC ˆ k , z i k ] , α i k , k ) as a new random variable originated from random parameters α i k , we have (12) p i k ≜ P ( X c k = f c ( [ SOC ˆ k , z i k ] , α i k , k ) ) = 1 Z ( k ) ∫ d α d w ( 1 A ( α , ω ) Ω ( w ) D i k − 1 ) , where Ω as the probability density function of w, A = { ( α , ω ) | X ˆ c k = f c ( [ SOC ˆ k , z i k ] , α , k ) + w } and 1 is an indicator function defined as - (13) 1 A ( α , ω ) = { 1 ( α , ω ) ∈ A 0 ( α , ω ) ∉ A. The normalization factor Z ( k ) is defined such that ∑ i ∈ [ N ] p i k = 1.
The precise calculation of p i k also needs to consider w s . We omit the details for simplicity. Notice that instead of cell level SOC i , only the pack SOC is sufficient in calculating p i k because SOC = SOC i if X c = x c , i and the battery pack has passive balance control. With the probability p i k , X c k = x c , i k and the density function of cell is updated by X ˆ c k , which leads to the following rule for the update of D i k (14) D i k = ( 1 − p i k ) D i k − 1 + p i k Ω α i k . where Ω α i k is the probability density function of α i such that f c ( [ SOC ˆ k , z i k ] , α i k , k ) + w = X ˆ c k . Eq. (14) can be explained as follows - the probability of not updating the probability density function of α i is the probability that cell i is not the most aged cell. The probability that an update in the probability distribution is applied is the same as the probability that cell i is the most aged. The updated probability density function is given by Ω α i k . The characterization of Ω α i k will be discussed later.
With sufficient iterations, the battery pack aging is well defined by D i k and Eqs. (1) and (2) for the prognosis purpose. Let z i 0 be the prediction on future input and X ¯ c be the threshold capacity such that if X c ≥ X ¯ c , the battery pack is considered reaching EOL. The EOL of the pack at time l > k , i.e., X c l ≥ X ¯ c , is given by (15) P ( X c l ≥ X ¯ c ) = ∑ i ∈ [ N ] p i k P ( f c ( z i 0 l , α i k , l ) ≥ X ¯ c ) . where α i k follows the distribution D i k , which is written as α i k ∼ D i k . We will show that Eq. (15) provides a valuable information for prognosis with only few iteration updates on D i k and p i k .
Although the probabilistic method has several advantages and characterizes battery pack aging, the update of D i k in Eq. (14) involves non-trivial computation in finding Ω α i k . Especially when the number of aging model parameters is large, it is impossible to analytically characterize Ω α i k for a general f c ( ⋅ ) . An approximation on Ω α i k is needed for the real implementation of the proposed probabilistic framework.
The probabilistic framework for prognosis proposed in the last section is composed of three parts, including updates on p i k , D i k and computes P ( X c l ≥ X ¯ c ) . The complexity issue lies in the second step where Ω α i k may not be possibly derived. An alternative method to approximate Ω α i k is therefore proposed in this subsection.
As stated earlier, we assume that the aging model is time invariant. The updates of the distribution of α i k by Ω α i k can then be interpreted as a process of finding the true α i from the measurement update. The idea is that, instead of finding the nontrivial distribution function Ω α i k , we find an optimal α i * that minimizes the difference between X ˆ c and f c ( z i , α i * , k ) . To further illustrate the how D i k depends on Ω α i j for j = 1 , ⋯ , k , we write Eq. (14) equivalently to the following equation - (16) D i k = ∏ j = 1 k ( 1 − p i j ) D 0 + ∑ j ∈ [ k − 1 ] ( ∏ l = 1 k − j ( 1 − p i k − l ) ) p i j Ω α i j + p i k Ω α i k .
Eq. (16) is derived by substituting D i j recursively by Eq. (14) for all j < k . The first part of Eq. (16) represents the initial distribution that is not subject to updates. We propose to replace the remaining part by (17) ( 1 − ∏ j ∈ [ k ] ( 1 − p i j ) ) 1 { α i = α i * } , where (18) α i * = argmin α ∑ j ∈ [ k ] p i j | X ˆ c j − f c ( z i j , α , j ) | .
problem shown in Eq. (18), α i * minimizes the difference between the estimated cell capacity and the measured pack capacity weighted by the probability of being the most aged cell i. Since we assume that the real aging model parameters are not subject to change over time, calculation of single value of α i * instead of its distribution (replacing Eq. (16) by Eq. (17)) is considered as a viable approximation. Note that in Eq. (18), we ignore the unbiased Gaussian measurement noise for simplicity in solving the optimization problem. Combining Eq. (16)–(18), the new update law on the distribution of α i is given as follows (19) D i k = ∏ j = 1 k ( 1 − p i j ) D 0 + ( 1 − ∏ j = 1 k ( 1 − p i j ) ) 1 { α i = α i * } .
Despite the proposed approximation method manages to update the distribution that is originally computationally intractable, the optimization in Eq. (18) may remain computationally heavy, especially when N and n are large. However, the computation need not necessarily to be completed immediately after the measurements because the capacity measurements are available only at slow sampling rates. It takes only several minutes to finish all the computations for a battery pack example with 100 cells, which is completely acceptable for prognosis purpose.
The overall aging model identification framework for the battery pack is summarized as follows 1. Initialization: Set α i ∼ D 0 , ∀ i ∈ [ N ] , k = 0 2. Measurement Updates: Given the measurement z i (a) Update S O C ˆ k : Using Kalman filter on Eq. (11). (b) Update p i k by Eq. (12). (c) Compute α i * by Eq. (18). (d) Approximate D i k by Eq. (19). (e) Set k = k + 1 . Repeat the measurement updates. 3. Prognosis: Given l > k , p i k , D i k , (a) Predict z i m for m such that k < m ≤ l using historic data or other on-board driving pattern recognition methods (b) Compute the probability of reaching EOL by Eq. (15).
A 100 cell battery pack model is used to demonstrate the prognosis algorithm presented in the previous section. The aging of the cells follow the model in Ref. . The simulation results indicate that the proposed method effectively estimates the aging model parameters, which leads to an accurate prediction of the capacity fade for prognosis.
The aging model used is taken from Ref.  as explained in section 2. (20) x c , i k = ( a 1 i + a 2 i ( R a t i o k ) a 3 i + a 4 i ( S O C m i n − S O C 0 ) c ) ⋅ exp ( − E a c R g T k ) A h k y i , where α i = [ a 1 i , a 2 i , a 3 i , a 4 i ] are aging model parameters to be estimated. i is the cell index and k is the time step index. The values of the aging model parameters are listed in Table 4 and S O C m i n = 0.25 and S O C 0 = 0.27 are chosen.
Since the proposed aging model parameter estimation framework estimates α i , i ∈ [ N ] , the computational complexity can be reduced a lot when the dimension of α i gets smaller. In this simulation study we estimate parameters a i ∀ i = [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ] using the proposed approach. As mentioned in section 2, the value of the parameter y is derived from the electro-chemical aging model of the battery, and hence it is not used for estimation. The simulation is divided into two parts. First, we simulate the battery pack aging by assigning α i to every cell in the pack based on the distribution listed in Table 4. The current is obtained from an artificially generated realistic driving cycle data based on . The temperature is generated randomly, which follows the normal distribution with mean 25 (°C) and variance 3 (°C). Some cells have slightly higher average temperature than the others to account the temperature heterogeneity in the pack. The time horizon is 60 days. The capacity data generated from this simulation is considered as reference case. In the second part, the algorithm presented in previous section is implemented for parameter estimation and prognosis. We now use the capacity and SOC available from the reference case at a time interval of every two days. An error less than 2 % is introduced in the measurements. The average of z i is also available at higher frequency, so the updated capacity prediction from Eqs. (12), (18) and (19) can be made in every two days. Consider, at the 24 t h day, a prediction of the pack capacity at day 60 is made.
As illustrated in Fig. 5 a, the proposed framework shows that with high probability, the capacity loss is 7.5 % , which is close to the capacity loss obtained from the reference case. Note that in Eq. (12), a high dimensional integral is needed to update p i k for all i. We approximate the integral by Monte Carlo (MC) method with 7000 randomly generated nodes. The set for the indicator function in Eq. (12), A = { X ˆ c k | X ˆ c k = f c ( [ SOC ˆ k , z i k ] , α i , k ) + w } , is also approximated by replacing the strict equality with an inequality with upper and lower bounds defined by an interval- [ X ˆ c k − ε , X ˆ c k + ε ] for some 0 < ε < X ˆ c k . Now, the approximation of the set for the indicator function is given by - (21) A ≈ { X ˆ c k | X ˆ c k ∈ [ f c ( [ SOC ˆ k , z i k ] , α i , k ) − ε + w , f c ( [ SOC ˆ k , z i k ] , α i , k ) + ε + w ] }
The approximation of p i k can be further improved by increasing the number of nodes in the MC integration and by choosing a smaller ε in Eq. (21).
In the proposed method, the probability of one cell to be weakest is calculated. In this simulation study it is demonstrated that the cells with higher capacity losses have relatively large p i k . As shown in Fig. 5b, three cells with relatively large capacity losses share around 40 % of probability of being the weakest cell. With small number of updates (12 in the case), the proposed framework successfully identifies the weakest cells. The prognosis will be improved as more measurements become available, hence the EOL prediction will keep on improving as the pack ages further. In order to quantify how the aging model estimation accuracy improves as more updates become available, we define accuracy coefficient as η c = ∑ i ∈ [ N ] p i k x c , i k ∑ i ∈ [ N ] x c , i k . A larger η c implies more accurate estimation on p i k . As expected, η c grows with the number of iterations as shown in Fig. 5c.
Fig. 6 a shows the evolution of parameters a 1 and a 2 as an example though the estimation process and Fig. 6b shows evolution of probability of being most aged cell of first three most aged cells.
The accuracy of the aging model depends on the variance of α i and the temperature. When the variance of the temperature is larger than the variance of α i , the estimation of p i is more accurate. On the other hand, the uncertainty grows as the variance of the non-measureable α i get larger. Consider the case when the variance of the temperature reduces to 2(°C) with the variance of α i being the same. As shown in Fig. 7 c, it can be observed that the estimated capacity loss has the error less than 2 % . However, as shown in Fig. 5b, there is one relatively not aged cell having a high probability ( ≈ 9.5 % ) of being the weakest, which indicates lower accuracy compared to the case with the variance of temperature being 3 % . In such case, it requires more iterations and updates to identify the weakest cells.
It is demonstrated using single cell aging data that an aging model alone is not sufficient for prognosis in practice, and that on board aging model parameter estimation is necessary. Hence, a modeling framework is proposed that leverages the aging model of single cell to the prognosis of a battery pack in a probabilistic sense. The proposed framework captures heterogeneity in the cell aging dynamics and shows satisfactory accuracy for prognosis purposes. An added benefit of the proposed framework is that, it does not put any restriction on the battery chemistry or what type of cell-level aging model is adopted. In addition, the proposed framework provides an indication of which cells (or modules) may be most aged and supervises replacement of those cells. This information can also be vital in rebuilding the pack or servicing. The proposed method is demonstrated to be effective in a simulation study. Experimental validation on the proposed aging model is considered as an important future work.
The bipolar membrane fuel cell (BPMFC) is a new type of polymer electrolyte membrane fuel cell in which the polymer electrolyte membrane is a bipolar membrane. This membrane consists of a bipolar junction at the interface of the proton exchange membrane (PEM) and the anion exchange membrane (AEM) where the PEM is directly contact with the AEM [1–4]. The PEM segment of the bipolar membrane is in contact with the acidic anode, while the AEM segment is in contact with the alkaline cathode. A BPMFC with this configuration has two advantages: 1) water generated at the PEM|AEM interface diffuses into both the PEM and AEM to provide fuel cell self-humidification, which simplifies the water management system, and 2) the alkaline cathode facilitates electrokinetics, allowing for a lower catalyst loading or for using non-noble catalysts, such as silver and nickel [5–8].
Previous investigations have suggested that BPMFCs have a very low performance of 0.64 mW/cm2 at 50 °C . Nevertheless, our lab has improved the power output of BPMFCs to 327 mW/cm2 at 50 °C under anhydrous operating conditions by improving the contact interface between the PEM and AEM. This power output was comparable to that of a conventional PEM fuel cell .
Pt catalyst is used in the electrode of the BPMFCs because of its high electrocatalytic activity for the oxygen reduction reaction (ORR) in alkaline conditions. However, the scarcity and high cost of Pt impede its wide application in BPMFCs. Nevertheless, an attractive feature of BPMFCs is the elimination of platinum-group metal catalysts at the alkaline cathode. The ORR proceeds more easily in alkaline environments than in acidic environments, and several non-platinum catalysts are available for the ORR [10–13]. Non-Pt metal catalysts, such as Ag/C , Fe/N/C and some non-precious alloys , have been used as cathode catalysts in anion exchange membrane fuel cells (AEMFCs), and they exhibit fuel cell performance comparable with that of the Pt-based catalyst. In our previous study, Ag/C was used as an alkaline cathode catalyst for a BPMFC, and it showed encouraging fuel cell performance and stability .
As one of the fundamental materials, the ionomer in the catalyst layers (CLs) not only acts as a physical binder, but also transfers ions. Its content significantly influences the ionic resistance, gas transmission and catalyst utilization . Nafion Ionomer in electrodes have been studied a lot in proton exchange membrane fuel cells (PEMFCs). Similar conclusions have been achieved that electrons transport well at low ionomer content but the ionic conduction is poor. With the increase of ionomer content, the situation is completely different in which excess polymer would cover on the catalyst particles and hinder the electrons and reactants arriving on the reaction sites. Many factors, such as the ionomer type and catalyst loading, affect the optimal value of ionomer content. Even with the same catalyst loading, different kinds of ionomer have different optimal values [20–23]. Kaliaguine et al. found that the proper content of Nafion in anode was 25 wt%, while it was 35 wt% in cathode with a Pt loading of ∼0.5 mg/cm2 . With the decrease of Pt loading, more Nafion is required to form well three-phase boundaries . Meanwhile, the dispersion of the catalyst and the microstructure of the CLs are also changed greatly. Passalacqua et al. found that the total specific pore volume decreased when the Nafion content in CL was greater than 33 wt% . Cho et al. revealed that a large number of catalyst particles agglomerated with the increase of dispersed ionomer . However, the catalyst dispersion in CL remains unknown since SEM cannot distinguish the ionomer from the carbon-supported catalyst. Only information about porous phase, such as pore size and pore size distribution, can be obtained.
The development of nanometer-scale X-ray computed tomography (nano-CT) with a resolution of 50 nm offers the capability of investigating the morphology of carbon-supported catalysts in the CL. Solid materials with high atomic numbers (Z) absorb more radiation and hence can be distinguished from low-Z materials and empty pores. Nano-CT has been used to investigate the morphology of solid oxide fuel cell electrodes . However, there are only a few studies on the application of nano-CT to study the CL of polymer electrolyte fuel cells .
In this work, Ag/C was fabricated and used as the catalyst for the alkaline cathode of a BPMFC. CLs of Ag/C with different ionomer binder (quaternary ammonium polysulfone, QAPS) content were prepared and used to study the influence of the ionomer content on BPMFC performance and the CLs microstructure. The influences were evaluated using cyclic voltammetry (CV) and electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) in terms of electrode resistance and catalytic activity. Nano-CT was used to analyze the microstructure of the CLs. The computational reconstructions of the CLs provided visible information on the size and form of the catalyst particle agglomerates, and this can be used as criteria for evaluating electrode preparation in the future.
The carbon black-supported Ag catalyst (Ag loading of 50 wt %) was prepared via a chemical reduction method. Firstly, carbon black Vulcan XC-72 from Cabot (Billerica, MA) was dispersed in DI water in a reaction vessel, and a pre-calculated amount of AgNO3 (Beijing Chemical Factory, China) was added to the vessel. This was incubated in an ice bath with vigorous stirring. Then, NaBH4 (0.01 g/mL) was pumped into the Ag salt-carbon black mixture using a constant flow pump with a rate of 2.0 mL/min. The resulting slurries were washed with DI water, filtered, and dried according to the freeze-drying method.
The BPM was prepared by hot-pressing a pretreated Nafion membrane and a QAPS membrane. The Nafion membrane was pretreated with 5.0 wt% H2O2 and 0.5 mol/L H2SO4 following standard procedures. The QAPS membrane was cast and dried at 65 °C using a QAPS solution (2.0 wt%) in N,N-dimethylformamide (DMF). The thickness of the as-prepared QAPS membrane was ∼10 μm. The QAPS membrane was then immersed in an aqueous 1.0 mol/L KOH solution overnight to exchange Cl− in the alkaline ionomer for OH−. After several rinses in ultrapure water (Millipore, 18.2 MΩ at 25 °C) and pretreatment in ethanol, the QAPS membrane was hot-pressed with the pretreated Nafion membranes at 60 °C and 4 MPa for 10 min to form the BPM .
The Pt-based acidic anode catalyst ink was prepared by mixing a Nafion solution (5 wt%), a Pt/C catalyst (40 wt%, BASF) and isopropyl alcohol. The Ag-based alkaline cathodic catalyst ink was prepared by a mixing QAPS solution (2 wt%), a Ag/C catalyst (50 wt%) and n-isopropyl alcohol. The inks were dispersed in an ultrasonic bath for 30 min before casting onto a Toray carbon paper (TGP-H-060) gas diffusion layer. The Pt loading in the acidic electrode was 0.4 mg/cm2, and the Ag loading in the alkaline electrode was 1.0 mg/cm2. The QAPS content of the prepared Ag-based alkaline cathode was 10 wt%, 15 wt%, 20 wt%, 25 wt% and 30 wt%, respectively. The alkaline cathodes were then immersed in aqueous 1.0 mol/L KOH solution to exchange Cl− in the alkaline ionomer for OH−. Finally, both the Pt-based and Ag-based MEA were assembled by hot-pressing the acidic anode, the BPM, and the alkaline cathode together at 135 °C and 4 MPa for 90 s with the cathode facing the QAPS membrane.
Transmission electron microscopy (TEM) method on a JEOL JEM-2100F was used to provide high resolution images of the as-prepared Ag/C nanoparticles. X-ray diffraction (XRD) patterns for the Ag/C were obtained on a Rigaku D/Max 2500V/PC X-ray diffractometer using a Cu Kα radiation source operating at 40 kV and 30 mA. Electrochemical measurements were performed with a CHI660C electrochemical workstation. A conventional, three-electrode cell consisting of a glassy carbon (GC) electrode (diameter 5 mm) as the working electrode, Pt wire as the counter electrode, and the reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE) in the same electrolyte as the reference electrode was used for the electrochemical measurements. The catalyst powders (5 mg) were dispersed ultrasonically in diluted QAPSF DMF/isopropanol solution (1 mL) to form an ink. The ink (10 μL) was dropped onto the GC electrode surface and dried with an infrared lamp . After the solvent evaporation, a thin catalyst layer was deposited on the GC surface to serve as the working electrode. The QAPSF content in CL was prepared to be 10 wt%, 20 wt% and 30 wt%, respectively. CV and linear sweep voltammetry (LSV) were performed in N2 or O2-saturated 1.0 M NaOH with a sweep rate of 5.0 mV/s at room temperature. The transferred electron number was calculated from the Koutecky-Levich equation: (1) 1 J = 1 J k + 1 J d = 1 J k + 1 B ω 1 / 2 (2) B = 0.62 n F C 0 D 0 2 / 3 v − 1 / 6 where J is the measured current density, J k and J d are the kinetic and diffusion limited current densities, respectively; n is transferred electron number; F is the Faraday constant, F = 96485 C/mol; C 0 is the oxygen solubility in 1.0 M NaOH, C 0 = 8.8 × 10−7 mol/cm3; D 0 is the oxygen diffusion coefficient in 1.0 M NaOH, D 0 = 1.56 × 10−5 cm2/s; v is the NaOH solution kinematic viscosity, v = 1.19 × 10−2 cm2/s; and ω is the RDE revolution speed . The experiment was conducted at 25 °C.
High resolution field-emission scanning electron microscopy (SEM) (JEOL JSM-7500F, Japan) with EDS was employed to characterize the morphology of the MEA with an accelerating voltage of 5 KV. Nano-CT was used to inspect the microstructure of the electrodes. Samples for nano-CT were prepared by brushing the catalyst inks with different QAPS loading on the polyimide (PI) membranes. The CLs on the PI membranes were immersed in an aqueous 1.0 mol/L KOH solution to exchange Cl− in the alkaline ionomer for OH−. The CLs were then peeled off from the PI membranes and then were dried at 40 °C. The CLs were ground with a mortar and glued on the pin. The size (length × width) of the CL for nano-CT was less than 15 × 15 μm. Small gold particle fiducial markers were placed on top of the sample to correct for the sample drift during the 3D reconstruction. The nano-CT experiments were performed using a transmission hard X-ray microscope commissioned at beamline 4W1A of the Beijing Synchrotron Radiation Facility. An elliptically shaped capillary condenser was used to focus the incident X-rays onto the sample, and a zone-plate objective was used to magnify the sample images, which were finally recorded by a 1024 × 1024 CCD camera. A phase ring was placed on the back focal plane of the objective to provide the Zernike phase contrast . The photon energy was 8 KeV.
Performance of the BPM fuel cells was tested with single-cell hardware (active area 4 cm2) under dry H2 (50 mL/min)/O2 (80 mL/min) feeds and non-pressurized conditions using an IviumStat potentiostat/galvanostat (Ivium Technologies, The Netherland). EIS tests were performed at room temperature over a frequency range of 10 Hz–100 kHz with an oscillating voltage of 10 mV. CV for the Ag/C-based cathode was measured at room temperature with a voltage ranging from 0.05 V to 1.4 V at a scan rate of 10 mV/s. During the test, the cathode was fed with ultrapure water at a rate of 2 mL/min, while the anode was fed with H2 at a rate of 50 mL/min.
The structure of as-prepared Ag/C was characterized by TEM and XRD, as shown in Fig. 1 a and b. The Ag nanoparticles were well dispersed on carbon. From the high-resolution TEM image as shown in the inset in Fig. 1a, the average size of Ag particles was determined about 14 nm. The XRD profile (Fig. 1b) indicated that the Ag/C was in a crystalline state. And the calculated average size of the Ag nanoparticles from the (111) plane diffraction peak using the Scherrer formula was about 15 nm , which is consistent with the value from TEM. The effect of ionomer addition on Ag nanoparticles size was also studied by SEM (Fig. S1). The mean crystallite size of Ag nanoparticles calculated from SEM was ca. 13.5, which indicated that the addition of ionomer had little effect on the size of Ag nanoparticles. The characteristics of Ag were also revealed by the CV (Fig. 1c) for Ag/C performed in 1.0 M NaOH with a scan rate of 5.0 mV/s. The characteristic oxidation peaks at 1.21 and 1.27 V were associated with the formation of AgOH bulk and Ag2O bulk, respectively . The reduction of silver oxide was observed to be reversible on the negative scan at about 1.06 V. However, the electrochemical surface area (the oxidation or reduction peak area) decreased with the increase of ionomer content, which shows the negative effect of ionomer content on the activity of Ag/C. That is due to the fact that the active catalyst sites are covered by the excess ionomer, resulting in decrease of the electrochemical surface area .
Moreover, the ORR activity of the Ag/C nanoparticles with different content of QAPSF as ionomer binder was evaluated using RDE voltammetry in an O2-saturated 1.0 M NaOH solution. The LSV curves for Ag/C with QAPSF content of 10 wt% is shown in Fig. 1d. It was observed that the limiting current density increased with an increasing rotation rate. The half-wave potential (E 1/2), reflecting the electrocatalytic activity of Ag/C, was 0.78 V at 1600 rpm, and this was comparable to that reported in the literature . Fig. 1e shows the LSV curves of Ag/C with different content of QAPSF as ionomer binder with a rotation rate of 1600 rpm. With the increase of QAPSF content, the limiting current density decreased and the E 1/2 shifted negatively. It is known that the limiting current density is determined by the diffusion of the reactants. Thus, the decrease of limiting current density indicated that more Ag was covered by the ionomer, which hindered the diffusion of oxygen on the catalyst surface. The results of ORR indicated that the electrochemical activity of Ag/C reduced with the increase of ionomer content, which is consistent with that of CV tests. The ORR is a multi-electron reaction which has two possible pathways, four-electron or two-electron. In order to clarify whether the electrochemical activity reduce was caused by ionomer content or the change of reaction mechanism, the number of electrons exchanged per oxygen was calculated by the Kouctecky-Levich equation (Fig. 1f) . However, the calculated values of electrons are 3.90, 3.79 and 3.95 with the ionomer content increased from 10 wt% to 30 wt%. Thus, it can be concluded that ionomer content affects the activity of catalyst but not the reaction mechanism.
Fig. 2 shows the SEM image of the structure for the prepared MEA. The distribution of Pt indicates that the left side was the anode of the MEA. Fluorine, which is the characteristic element of Nafion, was mainly distributed on the side of the anode. Though both Nafion (PEM) and QAPS (AEM) contain the S element, the S content of QAPS was much higher than that of Nafion. The corresponding EDS S mapping (yellow spots) in the AEM was therefore rather denser than that of in the PEM. The distribution of F and S element in the MEA indicated that the as-prepared BPM had a clear PEM|AEM boundary. The Ag catalyst was dispersed at the cathode, opposite the Pt side. EDS and SEM proved that the non-precious catalyst BPM MEA was successfully fabricated without the corrosion of Ag.
Fig. 3 a and b shows the voltage-current polarization curves and the maximum power density of the BPMFC with different QAPS loading in Ag-based cathode at 25 °C. As the QAPS content increased from 10 to 20 wt%, the maximum BPMFC power density increased from 4.0 to 19.3 mW/cm2. The BPMFC behaved better both in the electric polarization and the ohmic polarization zones. When the QAPS content was further increased to 30 wt%, the maximum power density decreased to 4.3 mW/cm2. Since the BPMFCs have almost the same anodes and bipolar membranes, the difference in fuel cell performance was attributed to the different QAPS content in the Ag-based cathode, which affects the use of catalyst and the CL structure. The ideal CL needs both good ionic and electronic conductivity, along with pathways for the mass transport of reactants and products.
In order to better understand the effect of the ionomer content on charge transfer resistance in the Ag-based cathode, EIS was performed on the BPMFCs at a constant cell voltage (open circuit voltage) over a frequency range of 10 Hz–100 kHz. The results are shown in Fig. 3c. The first intercept in the high frequency region on the real axis represents the ohmic resistance of the membrane (R m ) for proton conduction under the fuel cell operating conditions . For all of the BPMFCs with different Ag-based cathodes, R m was ∼0.6 Ω cm2, which indicates that the changes in the fuel cell performance had little relationship to the BPM ohmic resistance. It is known that the diameter of the semicircle in the medium frequency region is attributed to charge transfer resistance (R ct ) and represents the interfacial polarization resistance of the two electrodes. Since the anodes of the BPMFCs are almost the same, the change of R ct represents the influence of the ionomer content on the charge transfer resistance in the cathode. As the QAPS content in the cathode was increased from 10 to 30 wt%, the R ct first decreased from ∼40 Ω cm2 to ∼6 Ω cm2 and then increased to ∼53 Ω cm2, which was contrary to the change of the maximum power density. Thus, proper ionomer content in the CL is necessary to obtain better fuel cell performance.
Charge transfer resistance (R ct ) is determined by interfacial reaction kinetics and the true surface area of the electrode. R ct is calculated according to Equation (3): (3) R c t = R c t 0 / A 0 where R ct 0 is a constant interfacial reaction kinetic, and A 0 is the electrochemical surface area . A 0 is determined by the three-phase boundary that exists between gas diffusion, ionic, and electronic conducting domains. The lack of efficacy for any one of these domains will result in lower A 0 .
The electrocatalytic activity of the Ag catalyst in the cathode was evaluated using CV with deionized water of 2 mL/min at the cathode and a H2 flow rate of 50 mL/min at the anode at room temperature (Fig. 3d). CV curves reflect the electrochemical surface area of the Ag catalyst in cathode. For the Ag-based cathode with a QAPS loading of 20 wt%, the peak in the positive scan ranging from +1.1 V to +1.4 V was associated with the formation of AgOH monolayer. In addition, the peak at +0.95 V was associated with the dissolution of the AgOH monolayer, and this peak was shifted negatively compared to that in 1 M NaOH (+1.06 V), suggesting that AgOH in the CL was more stable. The possible reason is that the anion conductivity of the CL is much lower than that in the KOH solution. Since the deionized water was not treated with N2 to remove O2, the ORR activity of the Ag catalyst can also be observed from the reduction peak at about +0.6 V . When the QAPS content in the CL was increased from 10 to 30 wt%, the reduction peak area of AgOH first increased and then decreased, which means that the electrochemical surface area of Ag in the cathode was affected by the ionomer content and that the proper ionomer content in the cathode was about 15 wt%∼20 wt%. This result is different with that in CV half-cell test, where the best performance was achieved with less ionomer content. This is due to the fact that the QAPSF in the fuel cell electrode serves as the ion conductor, while the liquid electrolyte conduct ions in the CV half-cell test. The reduction peaks first shifted positively and then negatively with the increase of the QAPS content from 10 to 30 wt%. This may be attributed to the change in the anion conductivity in the CL, reflecting by charge transfer resistance. The EIS and CV results indicate that the ionomer in the CL influences the charge transfer resistance and electrochemical surface area, while the proper QAPS content in the cathode used in this work is about 15 wt%∼20 wt%.
The ionic conductivity and electrochemical activity of the CL are manifested in features of the inner structure of the CL, such as the aggregation state of the catalyst particles, the ionomer net, and the connection between the catalyst and ionomer. In order to directly understand the relationship between structure and performance of the CL, a structure characterization of the CL was conducted. Fig. 4 a–c show the cross-sectional SEM images of the Ag-based CLs with QAPS loading that varied from 10 to 30 wt%. It is clear that the QAPS loading affects the aggregation of the catalyst particles and the pore size for gas transmission. At a low QAPS loading of 10 wt% and 20 wt%, the catalyst layer had more bare catalyst surface without been covered by the ionomer. Also, the CL possessed an abundance of micro-pores and polymer fibers, which can serve as good gas and ion transmission channels, respectively. However, with the QAPS loading increased to 30 wt%, many of the pores and much of the catalyst were covered by the ionomer, which resulted in a decreased electrochemical surface area and poor electronic conductance. Also, the catalyst seemed to form larger aggregates than in the CL with lower ionomer loading. However, SEM can only provide information on the morphology of the larger catalyst (including the carbon support) and ionomer aggregates for one CL cross-section.
Nano-CT was used to investigate the influence of the ionomer content on catalyst distribution. In the Ag-based CL, the solid volume was composed of low-Z materials (the QAPS ionomer and carbon) and high-Z materials (Ag). Since the resolution is 50 nm, the individual ∼30 nm carbon particles, the ∼15 nm Ag particles, and the 5–10 nm thick ionomer films within the agglomerates cannot be separately distinguished . In order to separate the QAPS ionomer and the pore space, a sample of the QAPS membrane was also measured using nano-CT (Figure S2). However, the results suggest that the QAPS ionomer cannot be distinguished from the pore space. Consequently, nano-CT can only provide a 3D characterization of the size and shape for the Ag/C aggregations. Purely structural characterizations were performed using Avizo Fire. Unprocessed images were converted to binary images via threshold segmentation. In order to reduce noise in the image and obtain smoothed boundaries, the morphological opening operator was applied to the silver size distribution. Statistical and numerical information of Ag/C aggregations were extracted by label analysis module. The reconstructed 3D volume rendering of the Ag/C CL is shown in Fig. 5 .
Fig. 6 a,c and e showed the reconstructed 3D images segmentation for the catalyst aggregations of the CL with different QAPS loadings of 10 wt%, 20 wt%, and 30 wt%. The reconstruction revealed that the Ag/C catalyst favored aggregating together at the low ionomer loading, leading to a reduced the electrochemical surface area. The calculated catalyst (Ag/C) content (v %) in the CL was 24.7%, 21.3%, and 17.6% for QAPS loadings of 10 wt%, 20 wt%, and 30 wt%, respectively. This may be attributed to the reduced density caused by the increased ionomer loading. Based on the 3D reconstruction of the Ag/C CL, the size distributions of catalyst aggregations for the different CLs were determined and are shown in Fig. 6b,d and f. As the ionomer loading increased, the percent of catalyst aggregations between 100 nm and 200 nm increased from 23% to 59%. This suggested that the excess ionomer prevented the aggregation of catalyst particles. The nano-CT results of the catalyst aggregate state were different from that of SEM, where the catalyst seemed to form larger aggregates (Fig. 4c). This maybe because the catalyst aggregates seen using SEM included carbon-supported catalysts and ionomer. Though the catalyst was better dispersed in the high content ionomer, the surrounding ionomer blocked the reactants from the catalyst surface and hindered the migration of electrons, resulting in a low rate of catalyst use. According to the size distribution of the catalyst aggregation in Fig. 6, the volume-average aggregate diameter was calculated to be 313 nm for 10 wt%, 246 nm for 20 wt%, and 210 nm for 30 wt%.
In the present work, Ag/C was evaluated as an alkaline cathode catalyst for a BPMFC, and the microstructure of the CL was modulated by ionomer content. EIS and CV were used to assist in understanding the performance effect of the ionomer, which suggested that low charge transfer resistance and high electrocatalytic activity of the CL was achieved with proper ionomer content. The change in microstructure for the CL was characterized using SEM and nano-CT. SEM results of the cross-section of the electrode indicated that excess ionomer covered on the surface of the catalyst. Nano-CT was used to characterize the distribution and aggregation of the catalyst in the CL. With an increase in the ionomer content from 10 to 30 wt%, the catalyst aggregations were well-dispersed, and the average aggregation diameter was reduced from 313 nm to 210 nm. These results suggest that the ionomer content plays an important role in the optimization of the catalyst structure for better fuel cell performance.
Four-volt class Lithium (Li) ion batteries (LIBs) are safe and electrochemically stable, so they are widely used as power systems in small mobile systems. Development of LIBs is focused on increasing energy capability of large LIBs for use in electric vehicles (EVs) and backup power storage. However, increase of energy capability increases the possibility of battery explosions and their intensity. Therefore, increase in energy capability of LIBs requires the development of high-voltage class cathode material and the use of metal-based anode material. As an example, the Li-air battery, which uses of an anode based on Li metal, provides a dramatic increase in energy capability (theoretical specific capacity 3861 mA h g−1) .
Electrochemical stability and ionic conductivity of electrolyte must be guaranteed before a high-voltage-class cathode and metallic anode can be used in a real battery. Thus, large-scale battery applications require development of a safe electrolyte. Liquid-free solid electrolytes have the potential to be applied safely in a high-capacity all solid state Li battery. Inorganic electrolytes form a class of candidate for this application; they have good electrochemical stability and a sufficient safety in severe operating conditions, but currently have disadvantages such as low ionic conductivity and poor interface contact with the electrode. As examples, garnet-structured Li7La3Zr2O12, perovskite-structured Li0.35La0.55TiO3, crystalline Nasicon-type phase LiTi2(PO4)3 and LTAP/LAGP glass ceramic have ionic conductivities of ∼10−4 S cm−1, which is acceptable for all-solid-state Li batteries [2–11], but these materials cannot be used as the electrolyte on anode materials that have redox potential < 1.8 V vs. Li/Li+ (e.g., metallic Li). Redox of Ti occurs at ∼1.8 V vs. Li/Li+; as a result the electrolyte decomposes and the cell degrades rapidly. Other conventional solid electrolytes such as Li3PO4 and LiPON have very low ionic conductivity, and are therefore currently used only in thin-film batteries [12–18].
At 25 °C, bulk crystalline Li3PO4 has high ionic conductivity of 4 × 10−8 S cm−1, and thin (2 μm) film Li3PO4 has ionic conductivity of 4.6 × 10−7 S cm−1. LiPON has Li ionic conductivity ∼2 × 10−6 S cm−1. A glass electrolyte such as Li3PO4-Li2S-SiS2 is also considered as a potential electrolyte due to its high ionic conductivity and the possibility that metallic Li can be used as the anode material .
This paper presents a new type of solidified hybrid electrolyte that can be applied to a large-scale and flexible battery system. A crystalline Li3PO4 with a high electrochemical stability on Li metal anode is used as a supporting medium, and an IL with a high ionic conductivity is used as a main ionic transport medium. A flexible hybrid electrolyte that consists of two-phase material with a solidified state is proposed, and its electrolyte properties are characterized. The electrolyte satisfies the saftey and high electrochemical requirements for the high voltage class cathode and the metallic anode, and provides high ionic conductivity. The stability of solid electrolyte interface (SEI) on metallic Li is also discussed.
Li3PO4 powder was prepared from γ-phase Li3PO4 (Wako). Average particle was 1 μm (range 1.5 to 0.5 μm). 1-Ethyl-3-methylimidazolium bis(trifluoromethylsulfonyl)imide ([EMI][TFSI]) as ionic liquid was supplied by io li tec, and LiN(SO2CF3)2 ([Li][TFSI]) as Li salt was obtained from Chameleon Reagent. [EMI][TFSI] was blended with 0.7 M [Li][TFSI] at 50 °C for 3 h to prepare the desired IL. Prepared [Li][EMI][TFSI] was ultra-sonicated at 25 °C for 30 min, then hybridized with Li3PO4 for 24 h in n-dimethylacetamide (DMAc, Chameleon Reagent) solvent. Polyvinylidene fluoride (PVdF) was used as a binder in the DMAc solvent. Mixed Li3PO4-[Li][EMI][TFSI]-(PVdF)-DMAc composite material was dried at 90 °C for 12 h to remove the solvent. IL-coated Li3PO4 was finally dried at 120 °C for 48 h in vacuum. Two phases of white solid product were formed by varying the ratio of [Li][EMI][TFSI]: Li3PO4 to 0.05, 0.1 or 0.20 wt:wt. Li3PO4-[Li][EMI][TFSI] products containing PVdF had PVdF: Li3PO4-[Li][EMI][TFSI] weight ratio of 0.05.
The two-phase hybrid was pressed into pellets with a thickness of 1 mm. Specimens were placed between two circular gold-plated copper blocking electrodes with an area of ∼0.2 cm2 to measure the ionic conductivity, and placed between Li metals to measure the resistance and conductivity of SEI formed on Li metal. Samples of the hybrid were also pressed into pellets with a thickness of 1 mm and area of 1 cm2 for measurements of mechanical strength. Impedances were measured at frequency range of 0.1 Hz–1 MHz and an applied voltage of 50 mV on an Electrochemical Interface/Gain-Phase analyzer (Solartron1287/1260); data were analyzed using Z View software package. Electrochemical windows and reversible reaction of the IL were verified using cyclic voltammetry (CV) in hybrid pellets with Li metal reference/counter electrode, with working electrodes composed of Cu for the cathodic current scan and of Au for the anodic current scan. Li metal foil (thickness: 500 μm) was used as working electrode to verify the reversible reaction Li on Li electrode. A Solarton 1470E was used to measure the CV characteristic. TG/DTA (Seiko Instruments Inc. EXSTAR6000) was used to verify the thermal stability region of the IL. The mechanical behavior and flexibility of the solidified hybrid electrolyte was quantified using a three-point flexure test on a universal testing machine (Instron Corporation, Instron 5583), equipped with a load cell with maximum load of 5 kgf; the cross head speed was 0.05 mm min−1, the below-bar span was 6.5 mm, and the bar diameter was 4.5 mm. Prepared LPO powder and hybrids were imaged using a scanning electron microscope (Hitachi, S4300) and a transmission electron microscope (Hitachi, H7650).
A general Li rechargeable secondary battery (Fig. 1 , top) uses LiCoO2 as the cathode material and graphite as anode material. The LIB operates (Fig. 1a–d) by transferring Li ions through the electrolyte during charging-discharging processes that intercalate and deintercalate the ions into the electrode material. The reversible intercalation-deintercalation reaction between the electrolyte and the electrode has a strong influence on the charge-discharge cycle endurance and longevity of the battery system. The stabilized interface also has an large effect on cycle endurance and longevity, and on the safety of the battery. Thus, development of rechargeable LIBs that have high energy capability requires design of a stabilized SEI between the electrolyte and the electrode.
To design an appropriate electrolyte, the interface phenomena between the electrolyte and the electrode must be understood. The electrolyte should have a wide electrochemical potential window because different cathode and anode materials with the high potential difference are used. The electrochemical potential window can be explained based on the highest occupied molecular orbital (HOMO) and the lowest unoccupied molecular orbital (LUMO). A material with a high HOMO as an electron donor is easily oxidized, and a material with a low LUMO as an electron acceptor is easily reduced. Thus, to be applicable, the electrolyte should have both high HOMO and low LUMO.
Once the electrolyte contacts the cathode and anode, the HOMO and LUMO energy levels change. When metallic Li contacts the electrolyte (Fig. 1a), electrons in the conduction band move easily to the LUMO of electolyte. This electron movement reduces the electolyte, and the products such as Li2O, Li2CO3, LiF and ionic liquid related compounds are deposited on the metallic Li side. During charging, the energy of the valence band of the electrode increases, and approaches the energy level of its LUMO (Fig. 1c). Electrons move easily from the anode to electrolyte, so decomposition of the electrolyte and formation of the SEI are accelerated. The interface phenomena at the cathode are similar to those at the anode. The electrolyte fosters an oxidation reaction between the electrolyte and the cathode. Electrons are transferred from the HOMO of the electrolyte to the conduction band of cathode during contact mode (Fig. 1b). The electrolyte decomposes due to oxidation; as a result an SEI compound forms. During the charging mode (Fig. 1d), electrons are escaped from the cathode through the circuit, and the energy of the valence band decreases. Electrons move easily from the electrolyte to the cathode, so decomposition and conversion of the electrolyte to an SEI is accelerated.
The proposed hybrid Li3PO4-[Li][EMI][TFSI] solid electrolyte consists of Li3PO4 particles coated with [Li][EMI][TFSI] IL (Fig. 2 ). The coated IL was solidified by the interaction between Li3PO4 and [Li][EMI][TFSI]. Li3PO4 functions as a filler matrix that has stability against metallic Li contact, and has the effect of inducing solidification of ionic liquid. [Li][EMI][TFSI] provides a high ionic conduction through the open ionic conduction path. Coated [Li][EMI][TFSI] is non-flammable, non-volatile and thermally stable. The target of this hybrid scheme is to achieve a solid material that has high ionic conductivity and is stable in contact with metallic Li.
γ-phase Li3PO4 with a particle-diameter range of 0.5–1.5 μm was applied to the hybrid. Li3PO4-[Li][EMI][TFSI] hybrid white powder and solidified film were prepared using a well-controlled procedure (Fig. 2). SEM images (Figs. 3 and 4 ) of hybrid electrolyte with different [Li][EMI][TFSI] and PVdF contents indicate that [Li][EMI][TFSI] must be > 10 wt% to uniformly coat the Li3PO4 particles. [Li][EMI][TFSI] forms a continuous ionic conduction path and conduction network into the Li3PO4 filler matrix (Fig. 3c and d).
PVdF as binder enables fabrication of a flexible thin-film electrolyte that enhances the mechanical property and enlargement on area. Solidified [Li][EMI][TFSI] was 50, 100, and 150 nm thick, according to the IL contents (Fig. 4a–c). Li3PO4 has high compatibility and wettability with [Li][EMI][TFSI] so a space-charge region forms at the interface of Li3PO4 and the ionic liquid. The coating thickness of pure [Li][EMI][TFSI] was ∼100 nm, and of Li3PO4-[Li][EMI][TFSI] 20 wt% was ∼150 nm [Li][EMI][TFSI] with liquid phase shows high wettability onto the Li3PO4 surface, and the ionic liquid solidifies easily on the Li3PO4 surface. Wettability between liquid phase media and inorganic filler significantly affects solidification of ionic liquid on inorganic material.
The mechanical properties of Li3PO4-[Li][EMI][TFSI]-(PVdF) were quantified using a three-point flexure test (Fig. 5 a and b). Non-coated Li3PO4 film, which was pressed, was brittle. Li3PO4 coated with [Li][EMI][TFSI] initially relaxed as load was increased. Li3PO4-[Li][EMI][TFSI] film was flexible and solid. The relaxation is a result of slip at interfaces between particles. As a result, [Li][EMI][TFSI] coated on Li3PO4 forms a semi-solidified gel, rather than solidifying fully; the reason for this phase change should be determined in further study. At a view point of solidification, Li3PO4-[Li][EMI][TFSI] 10 wt% shows the enhanced mechanical property as 10 wt% ionic liquid for hybrid is proper amount to maintain solid connection between Li3PO4 particles. The different initial load-displacement tracking behavior (displacement range: 0–0.015 mm) was observed from Fig. 5a. It is consider that the complete solid connected network reconstruction is led for Li3PO4-[Li][EMI][TFSI] 10 wt%. These solid network reconstruction means the formation of bonded structure between Li3PO4 particles induced by the solidified IL. Addition of a small amount of PVdF yields a highly flexible film (Fig. 5b). IL induces to solid characteristic, and PVdF leads to flexibility of solid electrolyte. Li3PO4-[Li][EMI][TFSI] 10 wt%-PVdF 5 wt% solid electolyte with flexibility shows the mechanical stiffness compared to the other compositions. 5 wt% PVdF addition into solidified IL hybrid electrolyte enhances the mechanical durability of film under applying tensile condition.
Ionic conductivity of hydroid electrolyte and of the SEI layer were measured (Fig. 6 ). Li3PO4-[Li][EMI][TFSI] 20 wt%-PVdF 5 wt% had the highest ionic conductivity of 10−3 S cm−1. PVdF as a binder facilitates ionic conduction by improving the ionic conduction path through [Li][EMI][TFSI]. Li3PO4-based hybrid material with 10–20 wt% [Li][EMI][TFSI] achieved a commercially-acceptable 10−4 ∼ 10−3 S cm−1. PVdF increased the ionic conductivity of hybrid electrolytes (Fig. 6a), even though PVdF has small ionic conductivity. The small amount of PVdF helps to regularize the structure of the ionic conductive network so that the overall ionic conductivity of the medium is increased.
The addition of PVdF also increased the conductivity and flexibility of the solid film. Li3PO4-[Li][EMI][TFSI] x wt.% had low activation energy E a ≈ 0.1 eV (Table 1 ), which indicates that the ion conduction mechanism is determined not by interstitial/vacancy hopping but by open conduction paths through the ionic liquid. As a result, the fraction of Li3PO4 has little effect on ionic conductivity, and the original property of the ionic liquid affects the conduction property of the hybrid.
The SEI layer had ionic conductivity ≈ 10−6 S cm−1 (Fig. 6a) and 0.3 ≤ E a ≤ 0.4 eV (Table 2 ) which are typical of ionic conduction related to the hopping mechanism of oxide material. Ionic conductivity and E a of SEI formed at the Li metal side shows enhanced values compared to the previous results . E a of 0.3–0.4 eV indicates that the main components of the SEI compound are inorganic reduction products of LiF, Li2O, Li2CO3 and LiOH. The composition of SEI on metal surface has not been clarified, but some results propose a structure with inner and outer layers . The formed layer controlled by kinetics is comprised of an inner compact interphase and an outer diffuse interphase. Initially, the most-conductive products such as Li2O and LiF that have large numbers of defects form at the surface of Li, then more-resistive and homogeneous SEI products accumulate as outer layers on the insulating inner layer.
In the present study, Li2O, Li2CO3 and LiF (0.3 ≤ E a ≤ 0.4 eV) were main components of the SEI inner layer. The components of LiPO4, electrolyte salts, and impurities such as Li-TFSI, EMI-TFSI, O2, CO2, CO and H2O may be involved in formation of the SEI layer on the Li metal surface. First, a large amount of Li2O and a small amount of Li2CO3 as a native film are deposited on the near Li metal surface, then LiF accumulates on this film.
Cyclic voltammograms of a symmetric Li//Li cell were collected at a scan rate of 1 mV s−1 under −0.5 V to 0.5 V vs. Li/Li+ (Fig. 7 a) and −1.0 V to 1.0 V vs. Li/Li+ (Fig. 7b). Measurement is conducted in a Li symmetry cell at a scan rate of 1 mV s−1. The reduction and oxidation peaks did not change after five cycles; this result confirms that Li ions migrate reversibly. The intially-formed SEI layer related to the native layer consisted of conductive elements such as Li2O, Li2CO3 and LiF, and was not an insulator but an Li conductor (Fig. 7a). However, the different aspect is observed when scan range was expanded to −1 V to 1 V (Fig. 7b). During the first cycle, A-A′ and B-B′ represent the reduction-oxidation of Li metal and represents the reduction-oxidation of electrolyte material, respectively. Reduction-oxidation peaks of Li electrode occurred at −0.267 V (Fig. 7b: A) and 0.262 V (Fig. 7b: A′); during this period. Reduction-oxidation peaks related to the decomposition of IL occurred at −0.683 V (Fig. 7b: B) and 0.684 V (Fig. 7b: B′); these reactions were irreversible. After 20 cycles, the peak of reduction (Fig. 7b: B) disappeared, and the magnitude of the current and the position of the peak potential of oxidation of IL changed greatly (Fig. 7b: B′); these changes mean that the IL decomposition reaction was almost complete and that the SEI layer had become electrochemically stable. These results indicate that only small amounts of products related to the less-reduced ionic liquid components such as Li2S2O4, Li2NSO2CF3 and LiyC2Fx precipitated onto the inner oxide layer . The origin of this outer SEI layer formed under more selective condition comes from IL, and it shows less conductive property. As a result, kinetic-related migration of Li is slowed by the deposited outer SEI layer, as demonstrated by the decrease in the intensity of A and A′ peaks (Fig. 7b) and the change in the peak potential. However, the SEI layer formed by decomposed IL and native oxide layer retained its Li ionic conductivity.
A linear sweep voltammogram (Fig. 7c and d) verified the electrochemical stability window. The working electrodes were Cu for the cathodic scan and Au for the anodic scan. During the cathodic scan, a small reduction current occurred near 2 V, 1 V and 0.3 V. Irreversible reduction processes are known as trace oxygen reduction at ∼2 V vs. Li/Li+, trace water reduction at ∼1.5 V vs. Li/Li+, and solvent and salt anion reduction at < 1.5 V vs. Li/Li+. Reduction of EMI+ occurs at ∼1 V vs. Li/Li+ . Formation of the outer SEI layer from IL anions and cations started at 1 V vs. Li/Li+ (Fig. 7c). The onset potential of Li plating on a Cu electrode is ∼0 V vs. Li/Li+; evidence for this process is the sharp current increase at 0 V. A large reduction process did not occur, although small reduction peaks were observed in the reduction range of EMI-TFSI with Li-TFSI salt. During the anodic scan, large oxidation current occurred at ∼5.2 V vs. Li/Li+, a small oxidation peak at ∼4.3 V vs. Li/Li+ is negligible. Hybrid solid electrolyte was electrochemically stable in the range of 0 V–5 V vs. Li/Li+. Li3PO4 and products of the SEI inhibit further electrolyte decomposition at 0 V–5 V vs. Li/Li+.
SEI resistance and its stabilization behavior during an extended term under OCV were investigated (Fig. 8 ). These results confirmed the time-correlation and chemical stability of the SEI layer. SEI resistance increased quickly within 10 min (Fig. 8a), due to quick formation of SEI products as inorganic reduction products of LiF, Li2O, Li2CO3 and LiOH; the resistance then gradually decreased until 48 h (Fig. 8a and b). SEI layer will act as the blocking layer to prevent further electrolyte decomposition although SEI layer has low ionic conductivity and high activation energy due to the conduction mode related to the ion hopping mechanism within lattice or interstitial. After the inner conductive native layer had formed near the Li, the growth rate of the inner SEI decreased. Physical defects such as voids and micro-cracks in the layer will disappear and SEI will electrochemically stabilize at short-term and mid-term stages (Fig. 8a and b). After initial 10 min, SEI resistance rapidly decreases by densification of SEI layer. Densification of inorganic material based on SEI structure without voids or micro-cracks which act as negative effect on conduction network formation is important to enhance the conductive performance and decrease the resistance. A highly-stable SEI inner layer suppressed further decomposition of electrolyte. After 48 h under OCV, SEI resistance was stable, and electrolyte decomposition ceased.
When formation of the SEI layer had completed, Li3PO4 formed a blocking medium so the solidified IL stopped decomposing. In the case of Li3PO4-[Li][EMI][TFSI] 20 wt% with solidified IL thickness of 150 nm, the maximum thickness of the decomposed layer was 150 nm. We speculate that [EMI][TFSI] IL forms part of the outer SEI layer on the native inner layer just by contact with Li metal. As a result, a stable and conductive SEI layer forms, even though [EMI][TFSI] IL is involved in the formation of the inner native or outer SEI laye. Electrochemically-stable Li3PO4 inorganic medium can prevent the propagation and growth of a resistive SEI layer, and lead to its electrochemical stabilization. The interfacial resistance of SEI layer due to [EMI][TFSI] IL dramatically decreased during the first 100 h after formation, then stabilized (Fig. 8c). This result demonstrates the need for aging time and formation time (initial SEI formation step) to form a stable SEI layer on the Li metal, and can affect the full cell performance. In the present study, the hybrid Li3PO4-[Li][EMI][TFSI] solid electrolyte shows more stable SEI property than does the usually-tested PEO electrolyte.
A solidified flexible inorganic-organic hybrid electrolyte with new scheme is proposed to obtain commercially-acceptable ionic conductivity and a stable electrochemical window to prevent electrolyte decomposition in LIBs. The point is to overcome the low ionic conductivity of inorganic material and the narrow electrochemical stability window of organic material. Li3PO4 as the support and safety medium is introduced, and Li3PO4 coated with solidified [Li][EMI][TFSI] IL is proposed as a hybrid electrolyte. This hybrid electrolyte is suitable as a flexible solid electrolyte, and may allow use of a high-voltage cathode and Li anode. Li3PO4-[Li][EMI][TFSI] and PVdF linked Li3PO4-[Li][EMI][TFSI] hybrid electrolytes form electrochemically stable SEI layers against metallic Li, and is therefore safe and stable.
The lithium-ion (Li-ion) batteries are widely utilized in multiple applications, ranging from portable electronic devices to vehicle energy sources including hybrid electric vehicles (HEVs) and pure electric vehicles (EVs), due to their higher energy and power density. During the operation, the li-ion batteries will encounter potential safety hazards and degradation mechanism, such as the electrolyte concentration exhausted depletion and solid electrolyte interface (SEI) film generation. To enhance the safety, efficiency and lifespan of the li-ion battery system, an advanced battery management system (BMS) with the physical insight into cell internal degradation and safety conditions should be developed.
In the literature, based on different modeling priorities on external and internal characteristics, the li-ion battery models can be categorized as equivalent circuit empirical model  and physics-based electrochemical model . Equivalent circuit models (ECMs) are the most widely developed and investigated models for state of charge (SoC), state of health (SoH), state of available power (SoP) and state of energy (SoE) estimation due to their systematic simplicity and facile of implementation. However, the ECMs are weak in providing physical knowledge about the cell internal electrochemical dynamics, which will remarkably limit their applications in advanced control-oriented issues, such as the fast charging optimization, electrochemical physics-based SoH conditioning etc. Alternatively, physics-based electrochemical models (EMs)  are originally developed to describe the electrochemical dynamics within the cell based on porous electrode and concentrated solution theories. However, the extensive computation burden of the governing partial differential equations (PDEs) limits their real-time application for advanced battery system control. For practical BMS designers, the optimal choice is to obtain a reduced order model (ROM) that can perfectly balance the computational complexity and prediction capabilities with physical significance.
Many techniques on model order reduction (MOR) are proposed to accelerate the computation process for the electrochemical model. The primary contributions focus on simplifying the computational complexity for the solid phase diffusion equations. The finite element method  and the residue grouping method  are employed by Smith et al. to derive reduced-order models for Li-ion batteries. The finite element method is an effective algorithm used by many commercial software for the spatial discretization of solid phase diffusion equations, and its calculation result is usually taken as the baseline to verify other model's performance. However, the highly extensive computation burden hinders its usage in real-time application. The residue grouping model can provide equivalent performance as the finite element model with significantly reduced computation time. Meanwhile, the parametric connection between the residue grouping model and full order model has been retained. The parabolic approximation , perturbation techniques, volume averaging, and intuition-based simplifications  are also adopted to approximate the concentration distribution throughout the solid particle. These volume-average integration methods perform well at low discharge rates rather than highly dynamic current profile. The electrode-average model is proposed by Di Domenico et al.  for battery voltage prediction and state of charge estimation with the assumption of fixed electrolyte concentration. The simulation results indicate that the average model can present a good battery voltage prediction during a pulse test procedure with a maximum error of 0.3 mV for mild current rates. To further extend the model effectiveness and reduce the computing time, Prada et al.  modified the average model by neglecting the solid concentration distribution along the electrode and considering the mass diffusion inside a representative solid particle. The mass conservation equations in the electrodes and electrolyte phase are coupled together to improve the voltage performance at high current rates. In addition, the current-dependent spherical particle radius is also used to obtain good agreement with experimental data for low and high charge/discharge rates. Wang et al.  takes a sixth-order polynomial profile to approximate the solid diffusion equation. Forman et al.  utilizes the Padé approximation to represent the solid diffusion equation. The Padé approximation works well in lower frequencies, but diverges notably in higher frequencies. Cai and White  use proper orthogonal decomposition to design the electrochemical variables at discrete locations within the solid particle and across the one dimensional (1D) cell. This method accurately simulates the cell behavior at high currents but requires either existing experimental data or simulation results to generate the reduced order model. Plett et al.  uses the discrete-time realization algorithm (DRA) to approximate the transcendental transfer function of the spherical solid diffusion equation. The simulation shows that a third-order discrete-time model can closely approximate this infinite-order model behavior at the cost of missing its physical significance.
In the field of simplifying the electrolyte diffusion equations, several attempts are also promising and attractive to the BMS engineers. Smith et al.  linearizes the coupled electrolyte PDEs of the pseudo-two dimensional model with the finite element method (FEM) and derives analytical transfer function from the linearized model. This procedure is able to capture the lithium electrolyte concentration Ce (x,t) at different spatial locations, resulting in an increased computation burden. Galerkin's approximation  is used to model the lithium electrolyte concentration under the assumption of a galvanostatic discharge condition. Plett et al.  proposed a physics-based one-dimensional discrete-time state-space reduced order model (ROM) using discrete-time realization algorithm (DRA) to approximate the lithium electrolyte concentration. The simulation indicates the ROM can present the electrolyte phase concentration predictions with high accuracy at the cost of missing physical significance. Marcicki et al.  developed a transfer function type of reduced order model with Padé approximations. Their simplification work has made tremendous advance to promote the reduced order model for model-based control and estimation applications. However, the weakness in their research is that the lengths of the negative electrode, separator and positive electrode are fixed, and the generalization ability to other cells with different geometry dimensions is limited. The integral method analysis (IMA) is used by Tanim et al.  to solve the lithium-ion diffusion equation in the electrolyte domain. The simulation reveals that the simplified model presents high accuracy performance, acceptable computation cost, and retains physics-meaningful variables and parameters. Greco et al.  has obtained the steady-state analytical solution for the electrolyte phase concentration difference at cell's two terminals, by considering the electrolyte diffusion coefficient and current density to be constant and uniform. The simulation results show that the steady-state analytical solution has close agreement with the transient computation result in the one-dimensional electrolyte diffusion model.
The simplification of the electrolyte diffusion equations draws our emphasis in this paper. The reason and significance for model order reduction is listed in the following aspects: 1) the boundary conditions of electrolyte diffusion equations for negative electrode, separator and positive electrode are coupled together, which causes some obstacle to achieve a generalized analytical solution for the electrolyte diffusion equations. 2) to solve the electrolyte diffusion equations numerically, temporal and spatial discretization is a necessary procedure to convert the partial differential equations (PDEs) to ordinary differential equations (ODEs), which will result in an increased computation burden and limited real-time application. In another way, if the readers focus on one specific point within the cell, they should also conduct the spatial discretization and calculation for all points along the cell dimension to achieve the desired result. To simplify the solving process of PDEs, a non-coupled electrolyte diffusion equations with modified boundary conditions are newly proposed in this research.
This paper is organized as follows. In Section 2, the pseudo two dimensional (P2D) battery model is briefly introduced. In Section 3, the simplification work on solid diffusion equation with Padé approximation is presented and validated in frequency and time domain. In Section 4, the modified boundary conditions for electrolyte diffusion equations are proposed, and the simplified transfer function with Padé approximation is obtained accordingly. The model performance comparisons about two models has been conducted in frequency and time domain. Finally, the concluding remarks and the plans for future work are given.
The pseudo two dimensional (P2D) electrochemical model for lithium-ion battery was firstly established by Doyle, Fuller and Newman  based on the knowledge of the porous electrode theory, solution diffusion theory and Bulter-Volmer kinetics. The lithium-ion cell is composed of five elements (as shown in Fig. 1 ): negative current collector (x = 0), the negative electrode (width = L n ), separator (width = L s ), the positive electrode (width = L p ) and the positive current collector (x = L c ). Lithium metal oxide (LiyMO2) and lithiated carbon (LixC6) are the active materials in the positive and negative electrodes, respectively. The electrolyte in liquid or gel-polymer phase acts as the medium channel for lithium ions (Li+) diffusion between positive and negative electrodes. The separator prevents the transmission of electrons, yet permits the lithium ion transport.
Take the discharge process for example, the active material in the positive electrode is increased and lithium ions are intercalated as follows (1) Positive : L i y − z M O 2 + z L i + + z e − ⇄ c h arg e d i s c h arg e L i y M O 2
The active material in the negative electrode is reduced and lithium ions are de-intercalated as follows (2) Negative : L i x C 6 ⇄ c h arg e d i s c h arg e L i x − z C 6 + z e − + z L i +
In the electrolyte phase, lithium ions migrate from negative to positive region via diffusion and ionic conduction dynamics.
To make the presentation more clear and coherent, the pseudo-2D electrochemical model [8,9,28] is briefly reproduced in this section. In general, the P2D model describes the conservation of species and chargers in solid and electrolyte phases (c s ,c e ,ϕ s ,ϕ e ). First, the lithium in the solid phase is governed by Fick's diffusion law: (3) ∂ c s ( x , r , t ) ∂ t = D s r 2 ∂ ∂ r ( r 2 ∂ c s ( x , r , t ) ∂ r ) where, r∈(0, R s ) is the radial coordinate, c s (x,r,t) is the Li ions concentration in the particle as a function of space domain x, radial position r and time, and D s is the solid phase diffusion coefficient. Solid particles in the electrodes are modeled as spheres with radius R s .
The boundary conditions are: (4) ∂ c s ( x , r , t ) ∂ r | r = 0 = 0 (5) D s ∂ c s ( x , r , t ) ∂ r | r = R s = − j L i ( x , t ) a s F where, j Li (x,t) is the rate of electrochemical reaction at the particle surface, a s is the specific interfacial surface area, and F is Faraday's constant (96,487 C/mol).
Charge conservation in the solid phase of each electrode is described by Ohm's law (6) ∂ ∂ x ( σ e f f ∂ ∂ x ϕ s ( x , t ) ) − j L i = 0 where, ϕ s (x,t) and σ eff are the potential and effective conductivity of the solid electrode, respectively. σeff is calculated with σ eff = σεs , and σ is the active material reference conductivity. For the spherical active material particles, the electrode volume fraction εs is expressed as εs = a s R s /3. The boundary conditions are expressed as (7) − σ − e f f ∂ ϕ s ∂ x | x = 0 = + σ + e f f ∂ ϕ s ∂ x | x = L c = I a p p ( t ) A (8) ∂ ϕ s ∂ x | x = L n = ∂ ϕ s ∂ x | x = L n + L s = 0 where, A is electrode plate area and Iapp (t) is the applied current.
Conservation of lithium ions in the electrolyte phase yields (9) ∂ ( ɛ e c e ) ∂ t = ∂ ∂ x ( D e e f f ∂ ∂ x c e ) + 1 − t + 0 F j L i where c e is the electrolyte phase Li concentration, εe is the electrolyte phase volume fraction, D e is the electrolyte phase diffusion coefficient, t + 0 is the transference number of Li+ with respect to the velocity of solvent. The effective diffusion coefficient D e e f f is calculated with the Bruggman relation D e e f f = D e ɛ e b r u g . The boundary conditions at the current collectors require zero flux, (10) ∂ c e ∂ x | x = 0 = ∂ c e ∂ x | x = L c = 0
Electrolyte phase charge conservation is linearized  to yield (11) ∂ ∂ x ( κ e f f ∂ ∂ x ϕ e ) + ∂ ∂ x ( κ D e f f c e , 0 ∂ ∂ x c e ) + j L i = 0 where ϕ e is the electrolyte phase potential, κ is the ionic conductivity, and κ e f f is the effective ionic conductivity, with the Bruggman relation κ e f f = κ ɛ e b r u g . The effective diffusive conductivity κ D e f f is expressed as κ D e f f = − 2 R T F κ e f f ( 1 − t + 0 ) ( 1 + d ln f ± d ln c e ) . In this work we assume the value of d ln f ± / d ln c e is zero.
With the boundary conditions at the two current collectors, (12) ∂ ϕ e ∂ x | x = 0 = ∂ ϕ e ∂ x | x = L c = 0
Finally, the Butler-Volmer equation describes the electrochemical reaction kinetic, (13) j L i = k ( c e ) α a ( c s , max − c s , e ) α a ( c s , e ) α c { exp [ α a F R T η ] − exp [ − α c F R T η ] } where, k is the kinetic rate constant and c s , max , c s , e is the maximum and surface solid phase Li concentration, respectively. α a and α c are the anodic and cathodic transfer coefficients. η is the overpotential, which is defined as the difference between solid and electrolyte phase potentials minus the thermodynamic equilibrium potential U of the solid phase, (14) η = ϕ s − ϕ e − U
Voltage across the cell terminals is calculated from (15) V t = ϕ s L c , t − ϕ s 0 , t − R f A I a p p t where R f is an empirical contact resistance.
The most electrochemical model parameters are derived from those publications by Doyle et al.  and James et al.  and listed in Table 1 . In the lithium-ion cell, the positive electrode is manganese dioxide (LiyMn2O4) and the negative electrode is carbon (LixC6).
To obtain an analytical solution for the solid phase diffusion equation, the Laplace transform , can be applied to Eq.(3): (16) D s d 2 C s ( x , r , s ) d r 2 + 2 D s r d C s ( x , r , s ) d r − s C s ( x , r , s ) = 0
With boundary conditions in Laplace transformation, (17) d C s ( x , r , s ) d r | r = 0 = 0 , D s d C s ( x , r , s ) d r | r = R s = − j L i ( x , s ) a s F
The general solution of Eq.(16) can be expressed as (18) C s ( x , r , s ) J L i ( x , s ) = R s 2 sinh ( s D s r ) a s D s F ( − s D s cosh ( s D s R s ) R s + sinh ( s D s R s ) ) r
The lithium concentration at the surface of the particle C s ( x , R s , s ) is determined by calculating the solution at r = R s (19) C S ( x , R s , s ) J L i ( x , s ) = − R s a s F D s sinh ( s D s R s ) s D s R s cosh ( s D s R s ) − sinh ( s D s R s )
To facilitate the engineering application, the Padé approximation method , is applied to obtained a linearized representation of the model, as shown in Table 2 . The strength of the approximated model is capable of preserving its physical meaning, through the presence of parameters such as the solid diffusion coefficient and particle radius.
A comparison of various Padé approximations and the transcendental PDE solution is conducted in the frequency domain as shown in Fig. 2 (a). It can be seen that the Padé approximations are accurate at low frequency domain (10−3∼10−1 Hz), and will diverge at higher frequency domain. The fitting error of the magnitude and phase is gradually minimized as the Padé approximation order increases. Therefore, there should be a tradeoff between the modeling precision and the computational complexity. In Ref. , the research reveals that a 3rd order Padé approximation is sufficient to accurately capture the battery dynamics under driving cycles, such as supplemental federal test procedures (SFTP) and federal urban dynamometer schedule (FUDS) profiles.
The primary advantage of the Padé approximation method lays on its computational simplicity and well preserving electrochemical properties. However, its major drawback is the loss of fitting precisions at the higher frequency. The Nyquist plotting of the PDE solution is shown as Fig. 2(b), and it indicates that the phase angle of the PDE result tends to be 45° in high frequency. This characteristic belongs to be non-integer order property, to be specific, the fractional order system behavior, which is hardly described with the integer approximation method, such as Padé method, or polynomial approximations. To improve the modeling accuracy in the frequency domain, it can refer to the electrochemistry-based fractional theory  and the discretization method  for fractional order modeling.
To numerically solve the solid diffusion equation for the negative electrode, the 20th order finite difference method (20th FDM) is adopted here as the baseline. In this simulation, a negative electrode particle is subject to a ∼1C pulse discharge and charge cycle, as shown in Fig. 3 (a). The current is applied as: 1) 16.148 A, 0.5 h; 2) rest for 1 h; 3) −16.148 A, 0.5 h; 4) ending rest for 1 h. Fig. 3(b) shows the pulse responses of three Padé approximations compared to the numerical solution of the rigorous PDE in the time domain. The results indicate that the 2nd and 3rd order Padé approximations are much more accurate than the 1st order Padé approximation, particularly during the time immediately after the current is applied. While all the approximations converge to the correct steady state concentration at the end of the rest, the 1st order Padé approximation is not able to capture any dynamics and simply reverts back to the bulk concentration value as soon as the current is stopped. It's analyzed that the maximum errors of 1st, 2nd and 3rd order Padé approximations are about 7.48%,1.48% and 0.6%, respectively.
To verify the simplified model performance under more complex driving cycles, the urban dynamometer driving schedule (UDDS) profile with the maximum current of ∼5C is chosen in the simulation, as shown in Fig. 3(c). Fig. 3(d) compares the dynamic responses of three Padé-approximated models and 20th FDM model. It's analyzed that the maximum errors of 1st, 2nd and 3rd order Padé approximations are about 4.75%,2.88% and 1.69%, and the standard deviations are about 0.95%, 0.57% and 0.33%. The results show that the 3rd order Padé-based model has the strongest capability to trace the 20th FDM baseline model with high precision. In this research, the FDM model and the Padé approximated models are both programmed and simulated in the MATLAB platform, and the simulations are implemented on a 1.8 GHz Intel quadruple-cores processor with 6 GB DDR3 RAM. The computation cost of the 20th FDM model is about 0.319s and 0.063s for pulse current cycle and UDDS profile separately, while the runtime of the 1st, 2nd and 3rd order Padé approximated models has been significantly reduced to 0.031s, 0.037s, 0.051s for pulse current cycle, and 0.006s, 0.008s, 0.011s for UDDS profile. The runtime comparison indicates clearly that the Padé-based simplified model presents great superiority in the computational complexity (more than six times faster), and this is mostly due to the fact that the 3rd order Padé approximation requires only 3 states in the calculation, which is far less than the 20th FDM model.
In this section, we will present the main contribution of this paper. Since the electrolyte solution fills across the overall cell region, including negative electrode, separator and positive electrode. The conservation of Li+ in the electrolyte phase follows the Fick's diffusion law: (20) Negative electrode: ɛ e , n ∂ c e ∂ t = ∂ ∂ x ( D e , n e f f ∂ ∂ x c e ) + 1 − t + 0 F j L i ( 0 ≤ x ≤ L n ) (21) Separator: ɛ e , s ∂ c e ∂ t = ∂ ∂ x ( D e , s e f f ∂ ∂ x c e ) ( L n ≤ x ≤ L n + L s ) (22) Positive electrode: ɛ e , p ∂ c e ∂ t = ∂ ∂ x ( D e , p e f f ∂ ∂ x c e ) − 1 − t + 0 F j L i ( L n + L s ≤ x ≤ L c )
The original boundary conditions are listed as: (23) ∂ c e ∂ x | x = 0 = ∂ c e ∂ x | x = L c = 0 (24) c e | x = L n − = c e | x = L n + ; D e , n e f f ∂ c e ∂ x | x = L n − = D e , s e f f ∂ c e ∂ x | x = L n + (25) c e | x = ( L n + L s ) − = c e | x = ( L n + L s ) + ; D e , s e f f ∂ c e ∂ x | x = ( L n + L s ) − = D e , p e f f ∂ c e ∂ x | x = ( L n + L s ) +
To solve the coupled PDEs of Eqs.(20)–(22), the six boundary conditions should be employed together. This case will bring a series of obstacles: 1) due to the electrochemical parameter variations in each domain, it's technically difficult to achieve a compact analytical solution of the electrolyte diffusion equations in general form. Therefore, the numerical solving approaches, such as FDM, FEM, become an effective method to obtain a reduced order model. 2) in both FDM and FEM, the spatial discretization is a necessary procedure to convert the PDEs to ODEs, which will result in an enhanced computation burden and limited real-time application. In another way, if the readers focus on one specific point within the cell, they should conduct the spatial discretization including the specific point, and also have to solve a whole sets of ODEs to get the result. To simplify the solving process of PDEs, a non-coupled modified boundary conditions for the electrolyte diffusion equations are newly proposed in this paper.
The modified boundary conditions are proposed with the following three assumptions: a) The electrochemical parameters are lumped and fixed in each domain of the cell; b) The variables of exchange current density j n L i and j p L i maintain uniform distribution and spatial-lumped in each domain; c) The integral ascending concentration in negative electrode equals with the integral descending concentration in positive electrode, vice versa, which follows the mass conservation of lithium ions.
The electrochemical parameters are lumped and fixed in each domain of the cell;The variables of exchange current density j n L i and j p L i maintain uniform distribution and spatial-lumped in each domain;The integral ascending concentration in negative electrode equals with the integral descending concentration in positive electrode, vice versa, which follows the mass conservation of lithium ions.
During discharge, the lithium concentration of electrolyte phase will increase in negative electrode and decrease in positive electrode domain under each exchange current density j n L i and j p L i . Considering the lithium ions mass conservation in electrolyte phase, we aims to find the equilibrium point P for the electrolyte phase diffusion process, which will decouple the boundary conditions between the electrodes and separator and greatly simplify the analyzing process. The new modified boundary conditions are given for the negative electrode/separator and separator/positive electrode interfaces. The detailed analysis is conducted as follows:
As shown in Fig. 4 , the exchange current density j n L i and j p L i are applied in the negative and positive electrode with the opposite directions. Here the exchange current density j n L i and j p L i are assumed to be uniformly distributed in each spatial domain, and the equilibrium point P can be calculated by the Eq.(26) (26) j n L i ( t ) · L n × ( L n 2 + x ) = − j p L i ( t ) · L p × ( L p 2 + L s − x ) j n L i ( t ) = I a p p ( t ) L n · A ; j p L i ( t ) = − I a p p ( t ) L p · A ;
By solving the equation, the variable x can be gained as (27) x = L s 2 + L p − L n 4
By considering the lithium concentration in the separator is quasi-linear behavior, the new modified boundary condition for negative electrode/separator is presented as (28) ∂ c e ∂ x | x = 0 = 0 ; ∂ c e ∂ x | x = L n = − c e ( L n ) L s 2 + L p − L n 4
Similarly, the new modified boundary condition for separator/positive electrode can also be expressed as (29) ∂ c e ∂ x | x = L c = 0 ; ∂ c e ∂ x | x = L n + L s = − c e ( L n + L s ) L s 2 − L p − L n 4
For the negative electrode region, the transcendental transfer function can be obtained by solving the electrolyte diffusion equation with the modified boundary condition, as Eq.(28). The solution of the transfer function relating C e n ( x , s ) with respect to J n L i ( x , s ) ) has the form as: (30) C e n x , s J n L i x , s = 1 − t + 0 F s 1 / 2 ɛ 1 / 2 K sinh ɛ s L n D e e f f s 3 / 2 ɛ 3 / 2 K sinh ɛ s L n D e e f f − 4 cosh ɛ s L n D e e f f D e e f f s ɛ + 1 − t + 0 F D e e f f 4 cosh ɛ s x D e e f f − cosh ɛ s L n D e e f f s 3 / 2 ɛ 3 / 2 K sinh ɛ s L n D e e f f − 4 cosh ɛ s L n D e e f f D e e f f s ɛ where, K = − 2 L s − L p + L n ; ɛ = ɛ e , n
The resulting transcendental transfer functions are obtained by evaluating x = 0,1/4L n ,1/2L n , 3/4L n , L n five even interval points. To simplify the expressions, the reduced order transfer function is obtained with the Padé approximation method, as shown in Table 3 .
For the positive electrode region, the transcendental transfer function can be obtained by solving the electrolyte diffusion equation with the modified boundary condition of Eq.(29). The solution of the transfer function relating C e p ( x , s ) with respect to J p L i ( x , s ) ) has the form as: (31) C e p x , s J p L i x , s = 1 − t + 0 F { − s 1 / 2 ɛ 1 / 2 K ’ sinh ɛ s L p D e e f f s 3 / 2 ɛ 3 / 2 K ’ sinh ɛ s L p D e e f f + 4 cosh ɛ s L p D e e f f D e e f f s ɛ + D e e f f 4 cosh ɛ s L n + L s + L p − x D e e f f − cosh ɛ s L p D e e f f s 3 / 2 ɛ 3 / 2 K ’ sinh ɛ s L p D e e f f + 4 cosh ɛ s L p D e e f f D e e f f s ɛ } where, K ′ = 2 L s + L n − L p ; ɛ = ɛ e , p
Similarly, the resulting transcendental transfer functions can be obtained by evaluating x = L n + L s , L n + L s +1/4L p , L n + L s +1/2L p , L n + L s +3/4L p , L n + L s + L p five even interval points. To simplify the expressions, the reduced order transfer function is obtained with the Padé approximation method, as shown in Table 4 .
In contrast, the finite element method (FEM) with 48 uniform discretized points as shown in Smith et al. , is referred as the baseline for the model comparison and validation. About the FEM and approximated PDE model, a comparison of the frequency response is shown in Fig. 5 (a)-(b) for the negative electrode end (x = 0) and positive electrode end (x = L n + L s + L p ). The result reveals that the approximated PDE model can match the FEM result over a wide variety of frequency range, and the detailed statistical modeling errors are shown in Table 5 .
To further simplify the transcendental transfer function of the PDE model, the approximated Padé result is achieved, and the Nyquist plotting of PDE and Padé results are shown in Fig. 5(c) and (d). Two major features can be drawn as: 1) For the negative electrode, the magnitude of the transfer function reaches its maximum value at the electrode end (x = 0), and decreases when moving to the separator. 2) The contour profile of the Nyquist plotting behaves as the semi-circle shape, which presents the electrolyte phase diffusion process. As the frequency rises, the impedance will approach to zero following the semi-circle path. The modeling error statistics of PDE and Padé results are listed in Table 5. The result shows the Padé-based reduced order model can present high accuracy when compared with the rigorous PDE model.
The PDE model is numerically discretized by finite element method (FEM) with 48 uniform discretized points, and the Padé approximations is computed according to the formulas in Tables 3 and 4. To validate the proposed model, the pulse charge/discharge cycle and the urban dynamometer driving schedule (UDDS) profiles, as shown in Fig. 6 , are selected in this time domain simulation.
To compare the modeling difference, four specific points (x = 0, x = L n , x = L n + L s , x = L c ) are chosen here. When the applied pulse current is 19.38 A and 96.90 A, the electrolyte concentration by Padé approximations can be calculated and plotted as Fig. 7 (a) and Fig. 7(d). The pulse response of the Padé approximations is compared to PDE result in Fig. 7(b) and (e). It can be found that when charging the lithium ion is transported from positive to negative region, resulting a decreased electrolyte concentration in negative region, and an increased electrolyte concentration in positive region. The comparison of these modeling errors is listed in Table 6 . When the applied current is about 19.38 A (∼1C), the average root of mean square error (RMSE) of four points is 7.4170mol.m−3, and the maximum error of four points is 17.3416mol.m−3. If we assume the initial electrolyte concentration is about 2000mol.m−3, the maximum error is about 0.867%, which shows sufficient precision for real-time application. As the applied current rises up to 96.90 A (∼5C), the maximum modeling error is quasi-linearly increased to 4.336% accordingly. The simulations present clearly the 1st order Padé approximation can match the PDE with high fidelity. In the rigorous pseudo two dimensional (P2D) model, the current distribution in positive and negative domain is non-uniform, as shown in Fig. 7(c) and (f). The local current density will rise up greatly at the interface between the electrode and separator, and this non-uniform distribution will be enhanced as the current increases. In the simplified model, the current distribution in each domain is assumed to be uniform and can be seen as an averaged current density, which presents the equivalent capability to result in the similar electrolyte concentration distribution. When the high current is initially applied, the current distribution will be highly non-uniform at the interface and it reflects that the overpotential (η) is also non-uniformly distributed. These insightful information about the current spatial distribution cannot be described with the simplified model. However, the superior of the simplified model is to provide the electrolyte concentration prediction with high accuracy at the acceptable computational cost.
To verify the model performance under dynamic conditions, the urban dynamometer driving schedule (UDDS) profile with a maximum magnitude of 19.38 A and 96.90 A is employed in this simulation. The electrolyte concentration by Padé approximations can be calculated and plotted as Fig. 8 (a) and (d) separately. Fig. 8(b)–(c) and (e)–(f) show the concentration response of the Padé approximations compared to PDE result under UDDS profiles. The comparison of these modeling errors is listed in Table 6. It indicates that when the maximum UDDS current is about 19.38 A (∼1C), the average RMSE of four points is 0.8323mol.m−3, and the maximum error of four points is 3.8764mol.m−3. If we assume the initial electrolyte concentration is about 2000mol.m−3, the maximum error will be 0.194%, which is nearly four times less than the case of 19.38 A pulse charge/discharge profile. This is mostly due to the maximum current time duration for UDDS is less than the pulse current profile. As the maximum UDDS current rises up to 96.90 A (∼5C), the maximum modeling error quasi-linearly increases to 0.969% accordingly. This simulations indicate that the Padé approximation can match the PDE result with higher fidelity in UDDS cycle than the pulse charge/discharge profile. It needs to point out that, in this study the PDE model is executed in the multi-physics software (COMSOL) and the runtime is about 4.26s and 12.98s for the pulse current and UDDS profiles. After model order reduction, the simplified model is performed in MATLAB/Simulink platform, and its runtime has significantly reduced to 0.037s and 0.091s accordingly. In addition, the transfer function type of simplified model can be conveniently applied to predict the cell internal electrolyte concentration across the cell dimension, which will be beneficial to guide the cell's safety operation and avoid the dangerous hazards, such as lithium plating.
To facilitate the lithium ion concentration estimation for solid and electrolyte phase, the traditional P2D model is simplified with Padé approximation and modified boundary conditions. The fruitful results can be summarized as:
irst, the analytical solution of the solid diffusion equation is deducted and its reduced order transfer function is acquired with Padé approximation method. The simulation in time and frequency domain indicates that the 3rd order Padé approximation result presents high accuracy (<1.69%) under pulse charge/discharge and dynamic driving cycles.
Second, to simplify the lithium ion concentration estimation in electrolyte phase, the electrolyte diffusion equations with modified boundary conditions are proposed. Then its reduced order transfer function is obtained with Padé approximation method to simplify the derived transcendental impedance solution. The simulation illustrates that the proposed simplified model presents high accuracy for electrolyte concentration (Ce) predictions, saying 0.8% and 0.24% modeling error respectively, when compared to P2D model under 1C-rate pulse charge/discharge and UDDS profiles.
In the next paper of this series, the transfer function type of simplified electrochemical battery model will be established to address the current-voltage relationship. To improve the model flexibility, the electrochemical model parameter will be estimated online based on the simplified battery model.
Rechargeable lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) have been extensively employed as the power sources for small consumer electronics, electric vehicles (EVs) and hybrid electric vehicles (HEVs), because of their high safety, environmental friendliness and admirable electrochemical performance . However, as lithium resource is unevenly and limited distributed around the world, further development of LIBs is greatly restricted. Recently, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have attracted tremendous attentions, and been considered as one of the promising candidates for large-scale energy storage due to the relative abundance resource in the earth crust . As the intercalation mechanism of Na+ is similar to that of Li+, the design and fabrications of SIBs can be adopted from LIBs. Commonly, conventional graphite is used as a standard anode in commercial LIBs on account of its reasonable reversible capacity and optimum potential plateaus. Unfortunately, it is difficult to accommodate and allow Na+ ions reversible insert/extract into the host graphite, owing to the unfavorable and unstable thermodynamics of graphite intercalation compound with Na+ .
In order to satisfy the requirements of high capacity rechargeable SIBs, intensively attempts have been made to investigate possible anode materials with excellent electrochemical performance, such as alloying materials (Sb, Sn) [7–10], metal oxides (NiO, Fe2O3) [11–13], and transition metal chalcogenides (TMCs) . Recently, owing to intrinsically high conductivity, which can facilitate the migration of Na+ ion , TMCs are of great interests and have been considered as promising alternatives to conventional graphite anode for SIBs . Among TMCs materials, the nickel selenide possessed with the unique property, has been widely investigated in various kinds of fields, such as lithium storage , hydrogen storage  and water splitting . In addition, nickel selenide has also aroused interests for SIBs recently, Zhang et al.  reported that the NiSe/C anode demonstrated a reversible sodiation capacity of 280 mAh g−1 after 50 cycles. Cho et al.  showed that the mixed crystal structures NiSe2 growing on graphene nanosheets exhibited a good performance. Nowadays, main researches have focused on synthesis of the nanostructured NiSe2 with delicate structure design. But further attempts should be conducted to find a facile approach to fabricate nanostructured NiSe2 and improve its electrochemical performance. Moreover, investigating the reaction mechanism and understanding the structural evolution of NiSe2 anode during the long-term sodiation/desodiation process, are still required for high performance SIB synthesis [24–26].
In this study, reduced graphene oxide (rGO) homogenously wrapped nickel diselenide (NiSe2/rGO) hybrid has been fabricated and applied as the anode material of SIBs. It demonstrates a high reversible capacity, enhanced rate capability and excellent cyclic stability. To simplify the synthesis process, a facile one-spot hydrothermal approach has been designed to produce the hierarchical structured NiSe2/rGO hybrid. Moreover, in situ X-ray diffraction has been applied to study the reaction mechanism during sodiation/desodiation process, which involves a two-step reversible process. The three-dimensional architecture of NiSe2/rGO hybrid is a promising anode material for SIBs.
The NiSe2/rGO hybrid has been synthesized by a facile one-pot hydrothermal method, and the general synthesis process is schematically presented in Fig. 1 . The aqueous dispersion of the graphite oxide (GO) was prepared by the oxidization of natural graphite powder using a modified Hummers method. In the typical synthesis process, selenium powder (8 mmol) and NaOH (0.1 mol) were dissolved and dispersed in deionized water (40 mL). Subsequently, Ni(NO3)2·6H2O (4 mmol) was dissolved in deionized water (20 mL) and mixed with the EDTA-2Na (2 mmol), then added into the above solution dropwise. Then, 10 mL aqueous GO suspension (5 mg mL−1) solution was mixed and ultrasonically dispersed for 5 h. Subsequently, this as-prepared solution was transferred into a 100 mL Teflon-lined autoclave and heated at 200 °C for 18 h. After cooling down to room temperature naturally, the precipitate was collected by centrifugation and rinsed with deionized water and ethanol for several times, followed by freeze drying to get final product. In comparison, the bare NiSe2 sample was also prepared by a similar synthetic approach without GO suspension.
X-ray diffraction (XRD) was performed on a Bruker D8 Advance powder X-ray diffractometer equipped with Cu Kα radiation (λ = 1.5418 Å). For in situ XRD experiments, the in situ XRD cell was illustrated in Fig. S1A and as reported previously . Thermo gravimetric (TG) analysis of the mixture was conducted on a SDT Q600 TG-DSC apparatus between 25 and 900 °C at a heating rate of 10 °C min−1 under air flow. Raman spectra were obtained on the Jobin-Yvon LabRAM HR-800 spectrometer with excitation from an argon ion laser (514.5 nm). X-ray photoelectron spectrometer (XPS) was carried out on a pass energy of 35.75 eV (PHI, PHI5300 system). The microstructure and morphology of products were investigated by the field-emission scanning electron microscopy (FE-SEM) (JEOL, Model JSM-7600F) at an acceleration voltage of 5 kV and a high-resolution transmission electron microscopy (HRTEM, Tecnai G2 F20 S-TWIN, Japan) operating at 200 KV.
The electrochemical properties of the anode materials were studied by using CR2025 coin-type cell. The working electrodes were prepared by casting the slurry consisted of active material (bare NiSe2 or NiSe2/rGO) with carbon black and polyvinylidene fluoride in a weight ratio of 7:2:1 on copper foil collector. Then, the electrodes were assembled in an Ar-filled glove boxed using glass fiber as the separator and metallic sodium tablet as reference electrode. The electrolyte was 1.0 M NaCF3SO3 dissolved in diethylene glycol dimethylether (DEGDME). The galvanostatic charge-discharge profiles were collected at various current densities with cut-off voltages of 0.4–3.0 V and 0.01–3.0 V (versus Na+/Na) at 25 °C. The active electrode loadings were about 1.0 mg cm−2 with a diameter of 14 mm, while the specific capacity (mAh g−1) of electrodes was evaluated based on the total mass of active materials. Cyclic voltammetric (CV) measurements were recorded in the various potential range conducted by a CHI660E electrochemical work-station at a scan rate of 0.1 mV s−1. Electrochemical impedance spectra (EIS) were performed on IM6 (Zahner) electrochemical station by applying an amplified voltage of 5 mV over the frequency range from 100 kHz to 0.01 Hz.
The composition and structure of as-synthesized NiSe2 and NiSe2/rGO samples were investigated by XRD, as shown in Fig. 2 A. The diffraction peaks of both NiSe2 and NiSe2/rGO are well consistent with the cubic structure NiSe2 (lattice parameters: a = b = c = 5.9629 Å, Pa-3(205) space group, PDF#88-1711). No impurity has been detected, suggesting the high purity and crystallinity of NiSe2 . NiSe2 belongs to a classical pyrite structure, in which an octahedral coordination to six Se atoms is observed for Ni atom, while each octahedrons connect with adjacent octahedrons by sharing corners (Fig. S1B) . To confirm the presence of rGO in NiSe2/rGO, Raman spectra of bare NiSe2 and NiSe2/rGO have been studied as indicated in Fig. 2B. Four peaks in the lower wave number range (100–400 cm−1) located at 152, 174, 212, 236 cm−1 are ascribed to the Tg, Eg, Ag and Tg mode of NiSe2, respectively, which are detected in the Raman spectra of both NiSe2 and NiSe2/rGO . While, two distinguishable peaks centered at 1353 cm−1 and 1583 cm−1 are only observed in the Raman spectra of NiSe2/rGO, which are attributed to D-band and G-band of graphene .
To quantify the amount of rGO in the NiSe2/rGO, the TGA tests were carried out in air atmosphere from 25 to 900 °C at a rate of 10 °C min−1, as illustrated in Fig. 2C. It is clearly seen an abruptly weight variation in TGA curve at 564 °C, which is ascribed to the oxidation of NiSe2 and generation of NiO . Meanwhile, the curve of NiSe2/rGO is completely accordant with combination of pure rGO and NiSe2, and the rGO content in the NiSe2/rGO hybrid is approximately 12.95 wt%. XPS investigation of the chemical composition of NiSe2/rGO was performed. The peaks at 854.1 and 871.3 eV are attributed to Ni 2p3/2 and Ni 2p1/2 (Fig. 2D) . While, the high-resolution spectra of Se 3d peak located at 54.5 and 55.3 eV can be deconvoluted into 3d5/2 and 3d3/2, which are attributed to the Se2− ions and consistent with the previous reports (Fig. 2E) [28,34,35]. The C 1s spectrum is briefly dominated by a singlet located at 284.8 eV ascribed to the presence of nonoxygenated sp2 CC in rGO nanosheet, while the peaks at 287.2 and 288.7 eV indicate the existence of oxygen containing functional groups (Fig. 2F) .
The morphologies of NiSe2 and NiSe2/rGO have been investigated by the SEM and TEM. As shown in Fig. S2, it can be seen that the bare NiSe2 is consisted of agglomerated octahedral particles with an average size of about 200 nm, which is attributed to the effect of designated solvents and reaction condition, favoring the formation of regular octahedral . For NiSe2/rGO hybrid (Fig. 3 A and B), it is observed that large-scale agglomerated octahedral nanoparticles are closely surrounded by ultrathin and wrinkled rGO nanosheets, implying NiSe2 and rGO nanosheets are homogeneously mixed and interacted. TEM image (Fig. 3C) further reveals that the NiSe2 nanoparticles are evenly and intimately wrapped by rGO nanosheets. HRTEM image (Fig. 3D) demonstrates the single crystalline nature of the nanoparticles, and the lattice fringe with a lattice spacing of 0.264 nm is related to the (210) plane of NiSe2. The corresponding SAED pattern is shown in Fig. 3E, which is well indexed to the crystal planes of (200), (220), (311) and (321), indicating the highly crystallinity of cubic NiSe2. Furthermore, energy-dispersive X-ray (EDX) mapping presented in Fig. 3F indicates that Ni and Se are homogeneously distributed in the NiSe2 nanoparticles, rGO nanosheets are uniformly wrapped over NiSe2 nanoparticles. The corresponding EDS pattern (Fig. 3G) confirms that the NiSe2/rGO hybrid is mainly consisted of Ni, Se and C, and the molar ratio of Ni to Se is about 1:2.
Cyclic voltammetry (CV) test has been employed to evaluate the sodium behavior of bare NiSe2. In the first cathodic scan at cut-off voltage of 0.01–3.0 V (Fig. 4 A), the peak located at 1.3 V is ascribed to Na+ intercalation into NiSe2, and a broad peak centered at about 1.0 V could be associated to the electrochemical decomposition of NiSe2 to form amorphous metallic Ni0 nanoparticles embedded in Na2Se matrix . The small peak at 0.75 V is attributed to the formation of the solid electrolyte interface (SEI) owing to the decomposition of the electrolyte and reaction with the anode surface, which is disappeared in the following cycles . In the first anodic process, the sharp peak observed at 1.9 V corresponds to the oxidation of the metal Ni0 nanoparticles to NaxNiSe2 or NiSey. However, in the subsequent cycles, the reduction peak is split into two peaks at 1.45 and 1.1 V, while the oxidation peak shifts towards lower voltage and is divided into two peaks located at 1.75 V and 1.85 V, respectively. The couple reduction-oxidation peaks of 1.1/1.75 V and 1.45/1.85 V are ascribed to the conversion reaction of Na2Se associated with metal Ni0, and Na+ ion (de)intercalation into host material, respectively. The entirely reversible reaction is proposed as the following Equation (1): (1) NiSe2 + 4Na+ + 4e− ↔ 2Na2Se + Ni
Surprisingly, the CV curves hardly overlap from the second cycle onwards, suggesting that the structure stability and electrochemical performance of NiSe2 electrode are unsatisfied under the cut-off voltage of 0.01–3.0 V.
As TMCs are usually converted to metal at fully discharging state, they are hardly retrieved back to crystalline structure, resulting in an inferior electrochemical performance . It is convinced that cut-off voltage range may play an important role on structure evolution of NiSe2 and its electrochemical property. Therefore, it is vital to choose an appropriate cut-off voltage range to achieve an excellent performance. Due to the curves are flat without any redox reaction between 0.01 and 0.4 V, the CV test under the cut-off voltage range of 0.4–3.0 V has been investigated (Fig. 4B). As indicated in the figure, it displays the similar profiles and maintains the main redox reaction. Moreover, the CV scans of the second and following cycles are almost overlapped, suggesting high reversibility and cycling stability of Na+ storage in the bare NiSe2 electrode (inset of Fig. 4B). In order to confirm the cut-off voltage influence on the electrochemical performance, bare NiSe2 was galvanostatic tested in the 1st, 5th, 10th, 20th, 30th and 50th cycles at a rate of 500 mA g−1 under 0.01–3.0 V and 0.4–3.0 V, respectively. In the cut-off voltage range of 0.01–3.0 V as shown in Fig. 4C, the electrode delivers an initial reversible capacity of 357 mAh g−1, with a charge/discharge plateau at 1.9/1.3 V, which is consistent with the aforementioned CV analysis. But the reversible capacity rapidly decreases to 110 mAh g−1 only after 50 cycles. For comparison, when tested in the potential range of 0.4–3.0 V (Fig. 4D), a reversible capacity of 255 mAh g−1 is still obtained after 50 cycles, showing a good cycling stability. It reveals that a better cycling stability is expectable for NiSe2 electrode by operating under a suitable cut-off voltage.
To further understand the reaction mechanism, in-situ XRD measurement was carried out to follow structural evolution during the first charge-discharge cycle between 0.4 and 3.0 V. As shown in Fig. 5 A, the as-fabricated electrode NiSe2 shows the characteristic (200), (210), (211), (220), (023) and (321) peaks at 29.9°, 33.6°, 36.9°, 42.8°, 55.5° and 57.8°, respectively. While, the peaks located at 46.0°, 50.5° and 52.5° in the XRD pattern are ascribed to the Be window of the in situ XRD cell, and the peak located at 26.5° is assigned to the addition of carbon paper current collector. As seen from Fig. 5B, when discharged from open circuit voltage (OCV) to 1.1 V, the peaks of 29.9°, 33.6° and 36.9° decrease intensity and shift to the lower 2θ, confirming the Na+ ion insertion into host NiSe2 materials and the formation of intermediate NaxNiSe2. When the electrode is continuously discharged to 0.4 V, the standard peaks of NiSe2 are disappeared. However, three obvious peaks appeared at about 22.6°, 37.3° and 44.0° (Fig. 5B), are well indexed to Na2Se, suggesting the conversion reaction of NaxNiSe2 with Na+ ion as well as the formation of Na2Se and Ni0 metal, which share similar occasions for chalcogenides, such as FeS2  and MoS2 . Fascinatingly, there is a hysteretic reaction potential in the charge progress compared with that in the discharge process, directly contributing the accumulation of reversible capacity. Specifically, during charging back to 1.9 V, the peaks of Na2Se are weaken and finally disappeared, and low crystallinity phase of NaxNiSe2 has been observed, indicating the conversion reaction between Na2Se and Ni0 metal. After fully charged to 3.0 V, the main NiSe2 peaks of 29.9°, 33.6° and 57.2° are regained, suggesting a completely reversible structure evolution, which is well in agreement with the results of galvanostatic discharge-charge test.
For comparison, in-situ XRD patterns of NiSe2 have also been conducted and investigated during the first charge/discharge cycle between 0.01 and 3.0 V, as shown in Fig. S3. Compared to that of NiSe2 charge-discharged in 0.4–3.0 V, it is noticed that the peaks of (200), (211) and (321) in the in-situ XRD patterns of NiSe2 between 0.01 and 3.0 V are obscure and weak, indicating that some parts of the NiSe2 suffer from the irreversible phase change. It would lead to structure deformation of NiSe2 and electrochemical performance decay during cycling, which is well consistence with CV and charge/discharge testing results as shown in Fig. 4.
To confirm the reaction mechanism proposed by in situ XRD measurements and obtain more information about the reversible sodiation/desodiation process of NiSe2 electrode, ex situ TEM analyses were conducted and investigated. When discharged to 1.0 V as shown in Fig. 6 B, it is clearly seen the (200) and (210) crystal planes of NiSe2 with the interplanar spacings of 0.291 and 0.268 nm, and the (111) plane of Na2Se with d-spacing of 0.399 nm (JCPDS 77-2149), respectively. It is noted that the d-value of NiSe2 is slight larger than the standard data, which demonstrates the Na+ ion intercalation into the host NiSe2 material and formation of intermediate NaxNiSe2. While the SAED patterns are in good agreement with the results, implying the reaction products are mainly NaxNiSe2 and partially Na2Se, which corresponds to intercalation reaction of Eqation 2. At fully sodiated state of 0.4 V, it is observed from the TEM image that the Ni nanoparticles are well dispersed and embedded in the Na2Se matrix (Fig. 6C). The lattice spacings are 0.201 and 0.245 nm, which are assigned to metal Ni0 (JCPDS 88-2326) and Na2Se, respectively, corresponding to the conversion reaction of Eqation 3. While charged to 1.9 V, the d-spacing of 0.272 nm reveals that the phase of NiSe2 is recovered without metal Ni0 and the morphology is still well-maintained from Fig. 6D. The auxiliary SAED image is also studied to confirm the NiSe2 phase, which can clarify the conversion process during desodiation process as Eqation 4. At state of 3.0 V (Fig. 6E), it is still observed the NiSe2 nanoparticles with interrelation, demonstrating the structure stability during the whole reaction process. The d-spacings of 0.265 and 0.294 nm are ascribed to (210) and (200) planes NiSe2, respectively, indicating the full recovery of NiSe2 and reasonable mechanism as deintercation reaction of Equation (5).
The structure evolution confirms the high reversibility of NiSe2, which is well consistent with the charge/discharge profiles and CV curves. In all, the reaction mechanisms of NiSe2 in the range of 0.4–3.0 V for SIBs can be briefly summarized on established facts and described as the following equations:
In the discharge process: (2) From OCV to 1.0 V: NiSe2 + xNa+ + e− → NaxNiSe2 (3) From 1.0 to 0.4 V: NaxNiSe2 + Na+ + e− → Na2Se + Ni
In the charge process: (4) From 0.4 to 1.9 V: Na2Se + Ni → NaxNiSe2+Na+ + e− (5) From 1.9 to 3.0 V: NaxNiSe2 → NiSe2 + Na+ + e−
Furthermore, to enhance the electrochemical performance of NiSe2, it is incorporated with rGO nanosheets to obtain the three-dimensional heterostructured NiSe2/rGO hybrid. The initial five charge/discharge profiles of the bare NiSe2 and NiSe2/rGO electrode at a current density of 100 mA g−1 between 0.4 and 3.0 V are presented in Fig. 7 A and B, respectively. Sloping plateaus observed at 1.3 V and 1.0 V in the first discharge/charge profile are ascribed to the intercalation and conversion reactions for NiSe2, respectively. During the initial cycle, bare NiSe2 delivers the initial discharge and charge capacities of 445 and 396 mAh g−1, respectively, with a coulombic efficiency of 89.0%. The first irreversible capacity is attributed to the formation of a solid electrolyte interface (SEI) film, as well as the possible incomplete conversion reaction . But the reversible capacity decreases gradually in the subsequent cycles. For NiSe2/rGO, the galvanostatic charge/discharge profiles are in consistent with the corresponding CV curves (Fig. S4). It delivers an initial charge capacity of 433 mAh g−1, much higher than that of bare NiSe2. The coulombic efficiency of first cycle increases to 97.4%, which could be ascribed to the unique hybrid structure. The incorporation of rGO acts as a buffer to lower the side conversion reactions, and benefits to form a stable SEI film. Besides, it is considered to facilitate the electron transport so as to increase the reversible capacity of hybrid electrode . In the following cycles, the charge/discharge profiles of NiSe2/rGO are almost overlapped, indicating that the electrode is structural stable with constantly reversible reactions. Moreover, NiSe2/rGO hybrid exhibits an outstanding rate capability at various current densities from 100 to 5000 mA g−1 as illustrated in Fig. 7C and D. The reversible capacities are 406, 386, 366, 347 and 318 mAh g−1 at 200, 500, 1000, 2000 and 5000 mA g−1, respectively, indicating a great structure stability. When the current rate is set back to 200 mA g−1 after 80 cycles, the capacity is regained to 398 mAh g−1, exhibiting an excellent tolerance for the extensive sodiation/desodiation. It is ascribed to that, the rGO frameworks improve the utilization of NiSe2, which can result in an enhanced specific capacity of the NiSe2/rGO hybrids . Meanwhile, the outstanding rate capability is attributed to the evenly incorporation of rGO layer on NiSe2, which is in favor of the reversible Na+ ions diffusion and electrons transportation during the extensive sodiation/desodiation.
The long-term cycling stability of NiSe2/rGO hybrid has also been investigated at large current density of 1 A g−1. As demonstrated in Fig. 7E, the NiSe2/rGO hybrid exhibits the initial capacity of 368 mAh g−1, which maintains a high charge capacity of 346 mAh g−1 after 1000 cycles, with average capacity loss of only 0.02 mAh g−1 per cycle and 94% capacity retention. Meanwhile, the coulombic efficiency during the cycles keeps above 99%, showing an excellent electrochemical reversibility. While, bare NiSe2 sample delivers a relatively low reversible capacity during long cycling testing. To further understand the correlation between the microstructure and electrochemical property, the morphologies of NiSe2 and NiSe2/rGO aſter the 300th cycle are confirmed by ex situ SEM and TEM tests. As presented in Figs. S7A–D, the structure of the NiSe2 particles is broken into several pieces and destroyed aſter long-term cycling, demonstrating the severe pulverization during the sodiation and desodiation process. In contrast, the NiSe2/rGO hybrid keeps its overall morphology (Figs. S7E–H), in which the NiSe2 particles are still intimately wrapped by rGO sheets even though suffered from continuous conversion reaction, indicating that the rGO sheets can alleviate the pulverization of NiSe2 and maintain good cycling stability. Meanwhile, the EDS mapping (Fig. S7I) reveals the well-distribution of Ni, Se and C elements, indicating the NiSe2/rGO electrode maintains the high integrity during cycling. Therefore, the strictly control of cut-off voltage and homogenously rGO wrapping over NiSe2 are beneficial to suppress volume expansion and mitigate aggregation of NiSe2 particles during the extensive electrochemical cycling. This in turn allows for the growth of a stable SEI film on rGO shell surface, and prevents the continual rupturing and reforming of SEI, so that maintains the electrode microstructure. All these results indicate that NiSe2/rGO hybrid is a promising electrode material with high reversible capacity, outstanding rate capability and long cycle life. Compared with other nickel selenide based anode materials (see Table S2), it is confirmed that the NiSe2/rGO hybrid is a potential candidate for SIBs [22,23,49,50].
The detailed reaction kinetics of bare NiSe2 and NiSe2/rGO hybrid as anode materials of SIBs have been investigated by electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS). The Nyquist plots of the two samples are mainly consisted of a sloping line in the low frequency region and one semicircle in the middle-high frequency region. The depressed semicircle in high frequency region is related to the charge transfer resistance (Rct) induced by electrode reaction at the electrode-electrolyte interface. The Nyquist plots have been simulated by constructing a simplified equivalent circuit models before (Fig. 8 E) and after (Fig. 8F) cycling tests, while the results are showing in Table S1 . As shown in Table S1, the Rct value of NiSe2/rGO hybrid (329.7 Ω) is much lower than that of bare NiSe2 (Rct = 567.2 Ω) before cycling. Meanwhile, according to the calculation of Warburg coefficients between real impedance (Z′) and angular frequency (ω−1/2) (Equations S1 and S2), the Na+ ion diffusion coefficient of NiSe2/rGO electrode before cycling is estimated to be 3.33 × 10−12 cm2 s−1, which is approximate twice as that of bare NiSe2 (1.82 × 10−12 cm2 s−1). The Rct value of bare NiSe2 gradually increases with cycling (Fig. 8C), while the Rct value of NiSe2/rGO hybrid almost maintains constant after 100 cycles (Fig. 8D). It is noticed that the consistent lower values of RSEI and Rct for NiSe2/rGO hybrid are in favor of improving electron conductivity and facilitating Na+ diffusion at the electrode interface, which can be responsible for highly reversible sodiation/desodiation processes.
In summary, hierarchical structured NiSe2/rGO hybrid has been fabricated through a facile one-spot hydrothermal approach. The incorporated rGO can induce synergistic effect and improve the utilization of NiSe2, which is beneficial for the reversible Na+ ions and electrons transportation during extensive sodiation/desodiation process. Thus, the NiSe2/rGO hybrid delivers a high reversible capacity (433 mAh g−1 at 100 mA g−1) and superior rate performance (406, 386, 366, 347 and 318 mAh g−1 at 200, 500, 1000, 2000 and 5000 mA g−1, respectively). Besides, rGO wrapping homogenously engineered over NiSe2 is helpful to suppress volume expansion and mitigate aggregation of NiSe2 during the extensive sodiation/desodiation. Meanwhile, by the strictly control of the cut-off voltage (0.4–3.0 V), the NiSe2/rGO hybrid also shows a outstanding cycling stability (a capacity retention of 346 mAh g−1 has been obtained after 1000 cycles at 1000 mA g−1). In situ XRD analyses combined with ex situ TEM observations confirm the reaction mechanism and the influence of potential range on electrochemical property, indicating that NiSe2/rGO hybrid is a promising anode candidate for SIBs.
Introduction.Minimization, miniaturization or micro process engineering is a technology which reduces the equipment size and weight while increases the performance of the heat and mass transport phenomena due to a reduction of the characteristic length . This ability has led to extensive feasibility studies for industrial production of high added value chemicals using microreactors [3–11]. This idea goes back to 1970, in which some institutions and universities such as MIT and Newcastle Universities, and Battelle Pacific and Northwest National Laboratory Research institutions studied some features of the microreactors for production of diverse chemicals. Since, the construction of the microreactors is considerably expensive, simulation studies can promote our knowledge of the behavior of the reacting flows in micro structured reactors, which in turn improves the reactor design and reduces the construction cost and operation.
Introduction.Hydrogen, a clean fuel with high energy density, is the most common fuel used to supply the fuel cells as an on-board power source in the vehicles with electric motors including automobiles, buses, airplanes and etc. To this end, onboard production of hydrogen via onboard storage of methanol and subsequent catalytic reforming into hydrogen has been suggested. Microreactors, due to their small size and high heat and mass transport efficiencies, are highly effective for the implementation of this idea. In this regard, based on the available hydrocarbon feed stocks, there are many catalytic processes for hydrogen production using microreactors. Some of them are based on the traditional endothermic routes such as steam and carbon dioxide reforming and others have been established based on the new oxidation ones such as catalytic partial oxidation and auto-thermal reforming reactions. In all the aforementioned processes, due to stringent considerations about the catalyst deactivation, only using feedstocks that are free of sulfur, nitrogen and organometallic compounds are allowed. In order to fulfill this matter, natural gas, due to its abundance and ease of refinement, has been taken into consideration.
Introduction.Methanol is a clean liquid fuel (i.e., is free of sulfur, nitrogen and organometallic compounds), which is produced industrially from natural gas through syngas precursor, and can be converted to hydrogen in the presence of copper-based catalysts [12–20]. Moreover, such as gasoline and gas oil, methanol can be safely charged and used in the vehicle's fuel tank. In addition to what was mentioned, methanol (as an oxygenated hydrocarbon) steam reforming reaction is performed at lower operating temperatures compared to methane (as a saturated hydrocarbon) steam reforming reaction to produce hydrogen .
Introduction.Hence, in the recent years, many theoretical and experimental investigations have been performed to study the diverse features of hydrogen production via methanol using microreactors [22–36]. Among these, Pattekar and Kothare  investigated the behavior of a microreactor experimentally and theoretically for in-situ production of hydrogen from methanol. They simulated a microreactor in 2D with channels of 230 μm × 1000 μm. Surface reactions were performed on a thin layer of copper catalyst with thickness of 33 μm and gas phase reactions were completely ignored. A binary mixture of water and methanol was used to calculate the physical properties. They studied the effects of operating pressure and temperature on methanol conversion, and also determined the minimum thermal energy required for continuous operation. A simulation study was carried out by Choi and Stenger  to investigate the effect of the number of inlet and outlet flows of a copper-coated microreactor on methanol conversion. The 1D-plug flow approximation was used to model the reactor behavior. Terazaki et al.  experimentally examined the catalytic conversion of methanol by steam reforming reaction. They theoretically evaluated the minimum temperature required for reaction initiation and compared it with the experimental values. A one-dimensional model including spiral flow and axial heat diffusion was applied by Kawamura et al.  to find the optimum number of inlet and outlet flows in microreactors used to produce hydrogen by methanol steam reforming. Kim and Kwon  investigated the behavior of a microreactor including six parallel rectangular channels. In this study, all microchannels were insulated in all dimensions except one was exposed to heat flux. Moreover, it is assumed that the reaction mixture behaves like an ideal gas. Yakoob et al.  experimentally studied the methanol steam reforming and compared the ability of some catalysts to reduce the production rate of carbon dioxide. Furthermore, Suh et al.  used a 1D model to examine the effect of several heating methods on the production rate of carbon dioxide. Fazeli and Behnam  investigated different geometries to minimize the energy consumption by methanol steam reforming reaction using a 2D model. They assumed steady state conditions and ignored the gas phase reactions. In one of the latest CFD studies on methanol steam reforming, a theoretical comparison was carried out between the performance of fractal-design and parallel-channel microreactors by Haung et al. . They found that the fractal design relative to the parallel channel pattern not only increased the methanol conversion but also decreased the carbon monoxide concentration.
Introduction.In the present work, a three-dimensional model was established by a CFD approach to study the effect of some parameters and features affecting the performance of methanol steam reforming performed in straight channels of a microreactor. The effects of channel dimensions and operating conditions on the performance of the methanol steam reforming process (i.e., methanol conversion and hydrogen purity) were investigated based on two different viewpoints of a constant inlet mass flow and a constant inlet velocity. Moreover, the ability of both multicomponent and mixture-averaged formulations to model the mass transport phenomenon and predict the experimental results was examined.
Model development and description.A three-dimensional CFD model was developed to investigate the thermal and kinetics behavior of the methanol steam reforming process using a rectangular parallel channel microreactor. The pattern of rectangular channels is considered according to what was proposed by Kim and Kown . In this pattern, the microreactor includes thirteen parallel channels with dimensions of 1 mm × 0.5 mm × 20 mm in which all surfaces are insulated except the bottom subjected to a constant heat flux. As regards the reactants are uniformly distributed between the channels of the microreactor and that the heat fluxes are identical, it can be expected that the behavior of the reaction mixture in a single channel represents the performance of the whole mini reformer. Accordingly, only one of the microchannels is selected as the simulation domain.
Governing equations.In narrow channels of a microreactor, the formulation of the fluid mechanics depends on the ratio of molecules mean free path (λ) to channel characteristic length (Lc); this ratio is defined as Knudsen number (Kn = λ/Lc) . According to the value of this ratio, there are two different formulations of statistical and continuum mechanics. At low Knudsen numbers (less than 10−3), the continuum approach is proper for modeling the microchannels . In this paper, regarding to the channel dimensions, the minimum characteristic length is 0.5 mm. The mean free path can be evaluated for all molecules of the reaction mixture (i.e., CH3OH, H2O, CO, CO2, H2) using the following equation developed by gas kinetics theory : (1) λ = K B T 2 π σ 2 P , where K B and σ denote the Boltzmann constant and molecular diameter and T and p are the operating temperature and pressure, respectively. At a pressure of 1 atm and maximum operating temperature of 250 °C, which are correspond to the worst case in this study, the Knudsen number for methanol, steam, carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide and hydrogen is 1.65 × 10−4, 0.31 × 10−3, 0.4 × 10−3, 0.4 × 10−3 and 0.54 × 10−3, respectively, that all of them are less than 10−3. Accordingly, the continuum mechanics can well describe the mechanical behavior of the fluid flows through the microchannels. To this end, and as regards the flow through the narrow channels is laminar, the three-dimensional Navier-Stokes equations were applied to accurately model the heat and mass transport phenomena in the micro reformer. As regards the methanol steam reforming reactions are carried out at a nearly atmospheric pressure, the density of the reaction mixture can be evaluated using the ideal gas law. In addition to the above, the channels of microreformer subject to the following assumptions: - At the reactor inlet, the feed completely evaporates due to high temperature. So, all components are considered in the gas phase. - The reactor is considered to operate at the steady state condition. - The catalyst layer is homogeneous and isotropic. - Mass diffusion resistance through the catalyst layer is negligible. - All channels are loaded with identical mass of catalyst.At the reactor inlet, the feed completely evaporates due to high temperature. So, all components are considered in the gas phase.The reactor is considered to operate at the steady state condition.The catalyst layer is homogeneous and isotropic.Mass diffusion resistance through the catalyst layer is negligible.All channels are loaded with identical mass of catalyst.
Governing equations.Regarding to the aforementioned assumptions, the governing equations are summarized as:
Governing equations.Gas phase overall mass conservation equation: (2) ∂ ∂ x ( ρ u x ) + ∂ ∂ y ( ρ u y ) + ∂ ∂ z ( ρ u z ) = 0
Governing equations.Gas phase mass species conservation equation: (3) ρ u x ∂ Y k ∂ x + ρ u y ∂ Y k ∂ y + ρ u z ∂ Y k ∂ z + ∂ J k , x ∂ x + ∂ J k , y ∂ y + ∂ J k , z ∂ z − α a c M k ∑ i = 1 N r ν k , i R i = 0
Governing equations.Gas phase momentum conservation equation: (4) x − d i r e c t i o n : ρ u x ∂ u x ∂ x + ρ u y ∂ u x ∂ y + ρ u z ∂ u x ∂ z − μ ( ∂ 2 u x ∂ x 2 + ∂ 2 u x ∂ y 2 + ∂ 2 u x ∂ z 2 ) + ∂ p ∂ x = 0 (5) y − d i r e c t i o n : ρ u x ∂ u y ∂ x + ρ u y ∂ u y ∂ y + ρ u z ∂ u y ∂ z − μ ( ∂ 2 u y ∂ x 2 + ∂ 2 u y ∂ y 2 + ∂ 2 u y ∂ z 2 ) + ∂ p ∂ y = 0 (6) z − d i r e c t i o n : ρ u x ∂ u z ∂ x + ρ u y ∂ u z ∂ y + ρ u z ∂ u z ∂ z − μ ( ∂ 2 u z ∂ x 2 + ∂ 2 u z ∂ y 2 + ∂ 2 u z ∂ z 2 ) + ∂ p ∂ z = 0
Governing equations.Gas phase thermal energy conservation equation: (7) ∂ ( ρ u x h ) ∂ x + ∂ ( ρ u y h ) ∂ y + ∂ ( ρ u z h ) ∂ z + ∂ q x ∂ x + ∂ q y ∂ y + ∂ q z ∂ z + 1 2 ∂ ∂ z ( ρ u x 2 u x ) + 1 2 ∂ ∂ z ( ρ u y 2 u y ) + 1 2 ∂ ∂ z ( ρ u z 2 u z ) + u x ∂ p ∂ x + u y ∂ p ∂ y + u z ∂ p ∂ z − μ [ 2 ( ∂ u x ∂ x + ∂ u y ∂ y + ∂ u z ∂ z ) 2 + ( ∂ u x ∂ y + ∂ u y ∂ z + ∂ u z ∂ x ) 2 ] + ∂ ∂ x ∑ k = 1 N c h k J k , x + ∂ ∂ y ∑ k = 1 N c h k J k , y + ∂ ∂ z ∑ k = 1 N c h k J k , z + α a c ∑ i = 1 N r R i Δ H i = 0 Ideal gas law: (8) ρ = p M ¯ R c T
Governing equations.Solid phase thermal energy conservation equation: (9) ∂ 2 T s ∂ x 2 + ∂ 2 T s ∂ y 2 + ∂ 2 T s ∂ z 2 = 0
Governing equations.In the above equations, u x , u y and u z denote the mixture velocity in x, y and z directions, respectively, ρ is the mixture density, T is the gas phase temperature, T s is the catalyst temperature, p marks the fluid pressure, Y k presents the mass fraction of the kth species and M k is its molecular weight. The mixture viscosity, μ, is a function of reaction temperature and composition. R i and ΔH i indicate the rate of progress and heat generated/consumed by the ith surface reaction, respectively. ν k,i is the stoichiometry coefficient of the kth species participate in the ith reaction; this value is positive for reaction products and negative for reaction educts. M ¯ represents the mean molecular weight of the reaction mixture and q is the diffusive flux of heat. The diffusive mass flux in x, y and z directions are denoted by j kx , j ky and j kz , respectively. N r indicates the number of surface reactions, and N c denotes the gas phase components. Since the chemical reactions only take place over the catalyst surface coated on the channel wall, α is defined as a flag with value of 1 on the wall surface and zero for the fluid bulk (i.e., all the space near and far away the walls). a c , the catalyst surface area per channel volume, is defined as: (10) a c = S B E T mass of catalyst per channel volume of channel = S B E T ρ c a t . δ H , where S BET and ρ cat are surface area per unit mass of the catalyst and catalyst mass density, respectively. δ is the thickness of the catalyst layer and H remarks the channel height. In all simulations, δ is considered to be 30 μm.
Thermodynamic and transport properties.In the equation of gas phase thermal energy, both enthalpy of the reaction mixture (h) and heat of reaction (ΔH) are concerned with the reaction temperature according to the following equations: (11) h = ∑ k = 1 N c Y k h k (12) Δ H i ( T ) = Δ H i ( T r e f = 298 K ) + ∫ T r e f T ∇ c p i d T where, (13) h k = ∫ T r e f T c p k d T and, (14) ∇ c p i = ( ∑ k = 1 N c ν k , i ″ c p k ) p r o d u c t s − ( ∑ k = 1 N c ν k , i ′ c p k ) r e a c tan t s
Thermodynamic and transport properties.Here, ν k , i ′ and ν k , i ″ denote the stoichiometry coefficient of the kth species take part in the ith reaction as reactant and product, respectively, and c pk is the specific heat capacity of the kth species evaluated by the following polynomial : (15) c p k R = c 1 k + c 2 k T + c 3 k T 2 + c 4 k T 3 k = 1 , … N c
Thermodynamic and transport properties.Substituting this polynomial into equation (13) leads to an algebraic equation for computing enthalpy of the kth species as: (16) h k R T = c 1 k + c 2 k 2 T + c 3 k 3 T 2 + c 4 k 4 T 3 + c 5 k 5 T 4 + c 6 k T k = 1 , … N c
Thermodynamic and transport properties.The values of coefficients c1 to c6 are presented in Table 1 for all species involved in the reaction mixture.
Thermodynamic and transport properties.Gas phase mass species and energy conservation equations include the terms of heat conduction and mass diffusive flux. Contribution of heat flux due to conduction (q) can be easily evaluated by applying the Fourier's law: (17) q = q x + q y + q z = − k ∇ T , where k denotes the mixture thermal conductivity and is considered to be isotropic. It can be evaluated by the semi-empirical formula due to Mathur : (18) k = 1 2 [ ∑ j = 1 N c X j k j + 1 ∑ j = 1 N c X j k j ] , where X j and k j indicate the mole fraction and thermal conductivity of the jth species, respectively.
Thermodynamic and transport properties.The diffusive mass flux of the kth species in a multicomponent mixture, J k , can be evaluated considering two different approaches of the mixture-averaged approximation and the multicomponent formulation. The mixture-averaged approximation (or model) states that the kth species moves relative to the mixture in the direction of decreasing molar concentration. According to this model, the mass diffusive flux of the kth species is defined as its movement (transportation) respect to mass-averaged velocity of mixture. Based on this definition, an effective or mixture diffusion coefficient is required for the kth species to evaluate its mass diffusive flux. Using the mixture-averaged approximation for evaluating the species diffusive mass fluxes in a multicomponent mixture may be valid for any trace species in the mixture (i.e., for species with enough low mole or mass fractions) or for a species in which the other species in the mixture are stationary or low velocities (or, in other words, for species with high velocities compared to the other ones). Although this approximation reduces the computational burden and allows assessing the mass diffusive flux explicitly in terms of binary diffusion coefficients and concentration gradient, due to its restrictive assumptions is not trustworthy for evaluation of the diffusive mass flux of species in concentrated multicomponent mixtures [40–43]. Because in a concentrated multicomponent mixture, special phenomena are observed that can not explained and justified by the concept of the mixture-averaged model. According to mixture-averaged approximation, mass diffusive flux of any sepecis exclusively depends on its own concentration gradient and there is no influence of the other components, whereas species interactions are observed in reality and increases with increasing the mixture concentration. These interactions alter the diffusive fluxes of species so that osmotic diffusion (i.e., species diffusion without a concentration gradient) and reverse diffusion phenomena (i.e., diffusion against the direction of concentration gradient) can be occurred [ref]. In this case, the multicomponent formulation, as a realistic model, is suggested to evaluate the mass diffusive flux of any species. In this formulation, diffusion flux of any species, in addition to its own concentration gradient, depends on concentration gradient of the other components. According to multicomponent formulation, the special osmotic and reverse diffusion phenomena can be explained considering the friction forces between the species moving at different velocities (i.e., the cross-effects between the diffusing species), leading some species drag the other ones. Furthermore, contrary to the mixture-averaged approximation, with employment of the multicomponent formula to evaluate the species mass diffusive fluxes in a multicomponent mixture, summing the mass fluxes to zero is guaranteed. Despite the above advantages, using the multicomponent formulation noticeably increases the computational burden and CPU usage; especially in a complex mixture with large number of components.
Thermodynamic and transport properties.The Fickian formula  is frequently used to evaluate the diffusive mass flux of species in multicomponent mixtures regarding to concept of the mixture-averaged approximation: (19) J k = J k x + J k y + J k z = − ρ Y k X k D k , m ∇ X k here, D km denotes the effective or mixture diffusion coefficient for species k which is related to binary diffusion coefficients, D k,j , as: (20) D k , m = 1 − Y k ∑ j ≠ k N c X j D k , j , k = 1 , … N c
Thermodynamic and transport properties.It is should be noted that for binary diffusion coefficients D k,j = D j,k and D k,k ≠0 and that effective diffusivity, D km , always has a positive value.
Thermodynamic and transport properties.By applying the multicomponent formulation, the multicomponent diffusive flux vector, J k , takes the form of Maxwell-Stefan (MS) equation [40–43], (21) J k = J k , x + J k , y + J k , z = − ρ ∑ j = 1 N C − 1 D k , j ∇ Y j , D k , j is an (N c -1) × (N c -1) matrix of the ordinary multicomponent diffusion coefficients and can be evaluated by applying the following formulas [41,43–46] if the mixture composition and binary diffusion coefficients are known: (22) D k , j = [ A ] − 1 [ B ] where [A] and [B] are (N c -1) × (N c -1) matrices whose elements are A ij and B ij as: (23) A i , i = − ( X i D i , N c M ¯ M N c + ∑ j = 1 j ≠ i N c X j D i , j M ¯ M i ) , A i , j = X i ( 1 D i , j M ¯ M j − 1 D i , N c M ¯ M N c ) B i , i = − ( X i M ¯ M N c + ( 1 − X i ) M ¯ M i ) , B i , j = X i ( M ¯ M j − M ¯ M N c )
Thermodynamic and transport properties.It should be noted that unlike binary diffusion coefficients, for ordinary multicomponent diffusion coefficients: Ð k,j ≠Ð j,k and Ð k,k = 0. In this study, despite the weaknesses of the mixture-averaged approximation, predictions of the model include this formulation have been compared with multicomponent one.
Thermodynamic and transport properties.The Wilke equation  is used to compute the mixture viscosity, μ, μ = ∑ k = 1 N c X k μ k ∑ j = k N c X j φ k , j , where (24) ϕ k , j = 1 8 ( 1 + M k M j ) − 0.5 [ 1 + ( μ k μ j ) 0.5 ( M j M k ) 0.25 ] 2
Thermodynamic and transport properties.Logarithm of binary diffusion coefficients, thermal conductivity, and viscosity of the species (i.e., CO2, CO, H2, H2O, CH3OH) have been fitted with third-order polynomials of logarithm of temperature, which are readily available in the literature , (25) ln k j = a 1 j + a 2 j ln T + a 3 j ( ln T ) 2 + a 4 j ( ln T ) 3 , j = 1 , … N c (26) ln μ j = b 1 j + b 2 j ln T + b 3 j ( ln T ) 2 + b 4 j ( ln T ) 3 , j = 1 , … N c (27) ln D k , j = ln D j , k = d 1 , k j + d 2 , k j ln T + d 3 , k j ( ln T ) 2 + d 4 , k j ( ln T ) 3 , j = 1 , … N c
Thermodynamic and transport properties.The coefficients in equations (25)–(27) are presented in Tables 1 and 2 .
Chemical kinetics and reaction rates.The literature survey shows that many reaction mechanisms have been suggested for hydrogen production using methanol steam reforming over the copper-zinc oxide catalysts (i.e., Cu/ZnO/Al2O3 and CuO/ZnO/Al2O3 catalysts) [12,48–63]. These catalysts are not only activated to methanol steam reforming (MSR), as the main reaction, but also to methanol decomposition (MD), reverse water gas shift (rWGS) and carbon dioxide methanation (MR) reactions, as some potential side reactions . The aforementioned reactions are summarized as: (28) CH 3 OH + H 2 O ↔ 3 H 2 + CO 2 ( MSR ) Δ H 298 K 0 = + 49.7 kJ/mol (29) CH 3 OH ↔ CO + 2 H 2 ( MD ) Δ H 298 K 0 = + 90.7 kJ/mol (30) CO 2 + H 2 ↔ CO + H 2 O ( rWGS ) Δ H 298 K 0 = + 41.2 kJ/mol (31) CO 2 + 4 H 2 ↔ CH 4 + 2 H 2 O ( MR ) Δ H 298 K 0 = + 252.9 kJ/mol reverse water gas shift and methanation reactions are responsible for converting the reforming products (i.e., CO2 and H2). Some previous studies show that the methanol decomposition and reverse water gas shift are prominent side reactions, whereas the carbon dioxide methanation is greatly suppressed on the copper-based catalysts and often is ignored from the reaction network [65–67]. Accordingly, in the literature there is no trusty equation for evaluating the rate of carbon dioxide methanation reaction over the copper-based catalysts. For this reason, in the present work, the methanation reaction also is not considered in the modeling process.
Chemical kinetics and reaction rates.Patel and Pant  and Peppley et al.  comprehensively studied the chemical kinetics of the reactions (28)–(30) over the Cu/ZnO/Al2O3 catalyst using a detailed Langmuir-Hinshelwood surface mechanism and proposed corresponding overall reaction rates; also, all of the involved kinetic parameters were calculated. In the present study, rates of chemical reactions are evaluated according to these aforementioned studies.
Boundary conditions and numerical solution.All governing equations were numerically solved by a finite element computational fluid dynamic software, COMSOL Multiphasics 4.3a.
Boundary conditions and numerical solution.A set of boundary conditions is specified for the differential variables including in the conservation equations such as pressure, fluid velocity, mass fractions of the gas species, and gas and catalyst temperatures at the computational domain. To this end, the boundary conditions were applied as follows: - For the momentum balance equation: no slip condition at the channel walls; specified velocity at the channel inlet; specified pressure at the channel exit. - For the mass balance equations: specified feed composition at the channel inlet; convective mass flux (no diffusion) at the channel exit; continuity through the boundary between the gas phase and the catalyst layer; no flux (i.e., zero concentration gradient) at the boundary of the gas phase and the inert walls. - For the gas phase energy balance equation: specified temperature at the channel inlet; convective heat flux (no diffusion) at the channel exit; thermal continuity through the boundary between the gas phase and the channel walls. - For the solid energy balance equation: thermal insulation at the external surface of the channel walls except the bottom one is exposed to a constant heat flux; thermal continuity through the boundary between the gas phase and the channel walls.
Model validation.Both the Maxwell-Stefan formulation and the mixture-averaged approximation were applied to the governing equations to predict the experimental data of Kim and Kown , as shown in Fig. 2. The microreactor used by Kim and Kown includes 13 parallel channels with dimensions of 1 mm × 0.5 mm × 20 mm in which all surfaces are unreactive and insulated except the bottom one subjected to a constant heat flux of 1000 W/m2 and activated by copper-zinc oxide catalyst. The thickness of the catalyst layer is approximately 30 μm, as measured in the work of Kim and Kown. Furthermore, according to the data reported by Lee et al. , catalyst density and BET surface are considered to be 2400 Kg m−3 and 66 m2 g, respectively. Fig. 1 shows schematic image of a reactor includes six parallel channels have geometrical characteristics in accordance with the work of Kim and Kown. An equimolar mixture of methanol/water with a temperature of 150 °C and flow rate of 0.01–0.5 ml/h was fed to the reactor. Reaction pressure was set to a 1 atm.
Model validation.The results of Fig. 2 indicate that using the Maxwell-Stefan formulation in lieu of the mixture-averaged one reduces the discrepancies between the model predictions and the experimental data. With increasing the feed flow rate from 0.01 ml/h to 0.5 ml/h, the predictions of Maxwell-Stefan and mixture-averaged formulations are close to each other. This can be explained by this fact that with increasing the feed flow rate, the convective mechanism controls the mass transfer operation and the effect of the diffusive mass flux is weakened; so modification of the diffusive mass flux, by applying the Maxwell-Stefan formulation instead of the mixture-averaged one, has no obvious advantage.
Model validation.To approve this explanation, as shown in Fig. 3 , the ratio of hydrogen conductive mass flux to convective one has been plotted along the reactor length for three different feed flow rates of 0.01, 0.2 and 0.5 ml/h. It is obvious that with increasing the feed flow rate, contribution of the diffusive mass flux is reduced compared to the convective term. Regarding to the results of Fig. 2, for feed flow rate of 0.01 ml/h, the maximum discrepancies between the experimental data and the Maxwell-Stefan predictions for temperature and methanol conversion are about 7% and 8%, respectively, whereas these values are evaluated as 12% and 15% according to predictions of the mixture-averaged approximation. Accordingly, in all further parametric studies and sensitivity analyses, Maxwell-Stefan equation has been preferred to evaluate the diffusive mass flux compared to the mixture-averaged one.
Model validation.The change of reaction mixture residence time due to change of the feed flow rate is the main influence factor caused the difference between the higher and lower feed flow rates; the change of residence time can directly affect the reactor performance by influencing the reactions efficiency. For instance, follow the trend of the reactor temperature and mole fraction of the products in Fig. 2 by increasing/decreasing the feed flow rate. A decrease in the feed flow rate causes an increase in the residence time of the reaction mixture and, consequently, the methanol conversion rate (i.e., reduction of the feed flow accelerates the rate of methanol conversion). Accordingly, most of methanol converts in early part of the reactor, leading to reducing the intensity of the endothermic methanol reforming and methanol decomposition reactions in further parts of the channel due to reducing the methanol concentration. Constantly transport of the thermal energy from the reactor walls to reaction mixture, in one hand, and reducing the rate of endothermic methanol steam reforming and decomposition reactions in other hand, lead to increasing the reaction temperature at the end of the reactor.
Model validation.With reducing the feed flow rate till a specific value (∼0.2 ml h−1), hydrogen mole fraction increases up to a maximum value and afterwards begins to decline. Increasing the hydrogen mole fraction is due to increase of the methanol conversion by augmenting the rate of SMR and MD reactions, which in turn reduces the level of CO mole fraction to a minimum value at the feed rate of ∼0.2 ml h−1. Since reducing the feed flow rate simultaneously increases all the reactor temperature, and the content of hydrogen and carbon dioxide, strengthened of the reverse water gas shift and methanation reactions after reaching the aforementioned variables to a specific level is expected . Therefore, below the feed rate of ∼0.2 ml h−1, hydrogen mole fraction starts to decline due to increased content of CO and CH4 by augmenting the methanation and reverse water gas shift reactions.
Effects of the entering molar ratio of steam/carbon.The effects of entering molar steam to carbon ratio (i.e., molar water to methanol ratio) on the profiles of the reaction temperature, hydrogen flow rate, CO concentration, and methanol conversion were investigated, as shown in Fig. 4 . The results of Fig. 4a indicate that the methanol conversion increases with increasing the steam to carbon ratio and reaches its maximum value (∼0.75) at S/C = 1.4; further increases of steam to carbon ratio from 1.4 decreases the methanol conversion. This can be explained due to this fact that water in addition to participate in the reforming reaction, and thereby promotes the methanol consumption, steadily decreases the reaction temperature (as shown in Fig. 4a and d) because of its great heat capacity and latent heat; and since methanol reforming (MSR) and decomposition (MD) reactions are endothermic, a decrease in temperature reduces the methanol conversion. Hence, an optimum value for inlet S/C ratio that maximizes the methanol conversion is expected. Furthermore, a glimpse to chemical reactions (28)–(30) reveals that the pattern of hydrogen flow changes should be consistent with the variations of the methanol conversion; comparing the results of Fig. 4a and b clearly show this trend compatibility. It should be noted that the molar flow rate of hydrogen, in Fig. 4, has been reported based on the mass of catalyst coated on the bottom surface of the channels. This mass of catalyst, which is about 0.72 mg/channel, can be easily calculated by multiplying the catalyst density (∼2400 Kg m−3) to volume of the catalyst layer (i.e., δ × W × L).
Effects of the entering molar ratio of steam/carbon.According to overall reactions suggested for this process by Peppley et al. , it is known that the methanol decomposition and water gas shift reactions affect the production/destruction rate of carbon monoxide. Since the methanol steam reforming reaction is considerably faster than methanol decomposition [48,53,69], also see Fig. 5 , an increase in water content (i.e., S/C ratio) a fortiori increases the tendency of methanol to consume via SMR reaction and, consequently, reduces the CO formation due to methanol decomposition reaction. Moreover, increasing the steam to carbon ratio can promote the water gas shift reaction against the methanol decomposition reaction, as shown in Fig. 5, which in turn decreases the CO content. Thus, as depicted in Fig. 4b, increasing the feed water content steadily reduces the concentration of carbon monoxide and consequently improves the quality of the reaction mixture, but over a specific value decreases the hydrogen productivity unless the excess energy is supplied to keep the reaction temperature sufficiently high.
Effects of the entering molar ratio of steam/carbon.For the purpose of better understanding the reactor behavior, profiles of the CO concentration, hydrogen molar flow rate, and reaction temperature along the reactor channels have been plotted in Fig. 4c and d. Regarding the results of Fig. 4d, the reaction temperature shows an ascending trend along the reactor because by reducing the concentration of educts, thermal energy supplied by the external source becomes over demand. In the early part of the reactor (i.e., in the first 5 mm), due to high concentration of methanol and steam, for all S/C ratios, molar flow rate of hydrogen rapidly increases to ∼75% of its final value (see Fig. 4c). Also, in this part of the reactor, the ampleness of water molecules in addition to steam reforming reaction bring about amplifying the rate of water gas shift one which in turn keeps the concentration of carbon monoxide at a low level. In further part of the reactor, as shown in Fig. 5, reducing the water content and increasing the reaction temperature not only augment the rate of methanol decomposition, as CO source, but also weaken the rate of water gas shift reaction, as CO sink, which lead to increase in CO concentration.
Effects of the preheat temperature and external heat supply.The results of Fig. 6 a present that a higher feed temperature in addition to methanol conversion simultaneously promotes the production rate of hydrogen and carbon monoxide concentration. This can be explained due to this fact that a higher feed temperature causes a higher reaction temperature, as shown in part (b) of Fig. 6, and since the SMR and MD reactions are endothermic, the best temperature is the maximum allowance one. Hence, increasing the feed temperature leads these reactions to produce more hydrogen and carbon monoxide simultaneously; of course with different rates. Moreover, it should be noted that the water gas shift is a reversible-exothermic reaction that is thermodynamically unfavorable at elevated temperatures. Therefore, increasing the preheat temperature reduces the hydrogen quality, due to production of more carbon monoxide, whereas improves its quantity. It's of course important to mention that carbon monoxide deactivates the electro-catalysts used in the fuel cell anodes.
Effects of the preheat temperature and external heat supply.Accordingly, the carbon monoxide concentration must meet a specific standard at the reactor effluent: for example, CO concentration must be lower than 10 ppm for proton exchange membrane fuel cells (PEMFC) . Consequently, this fact certainly should be taken into account for selection of a preheat temperature unless the CO concentration can efficiently be controlled using adequate techniques superimposed on the reactor exhaust; for instance, an auxiliary water gas shift bed or a selective catalytic oxidizer [71–73] which allows to use of higher preheat temperatures in favor of increasing the hydrogen productivity in reforming zone.
Effects of the preheat temperature and external heat supply.The external heat flux applied to the bottom surface can change the reaction temperature and influences the reactor performance. The results of Fig. 6c and d indicate that increasing the heat supply simultaneously increases the methanol conversion, hydrogen production rate, and carbon monoxide concentration. As previously reported by Kim and Kown , it should be noted that excessive rise of heat flux increases the reaction temperature more than the allowance value and decreases the reaction performance due to reducing the catalyst activity and also production of more carbon monoxide.
Effect of channel geometry and size.Two different microreactors include cylindrical and rectangular channels were simulated to investigate the effect of channel geometry on the performance of the reactions involved in the methanol steam reforming process. The rectangular channels with dimensions of 1 mm × 0.5 mm × 20 mm, which only their bottom surfaces are coated with catalyst, are considered as the reference and diameter of the cylindrical channels is selected in such a way that the catalyst geometric surface area (0.5 × 20 mm2) and catalyst loading (0.72 mg per channel) remain constant. Regarding to this explanation, dimensions of the cylindrical channels were set to 0.159 mm inner diameter and 20 mm length, which means having a smaller reactor.
Effect of channel geometry and size.The results of Fig. 7 a depict that the hydrogen molar flow rate, methanol conversion, and CO concentration are greater in the cylindrical channels compared with the rectangular ones (about 10%, 7%, and 3% respectively). Reducing the hydraulic diameter in cylindrical channels decreases the reactor volume, and consequently, the mean residence of the reaction mixture about 25-fold whereas the catalyst surface area per channel volume (a c ) increases more than 30 times. This means that the reactor is cable of processing the same inlet mass flow rate at a shorter contact time to produce more products, and this is exactly what can be seen in Fig. 7a. So, provided that the carbon monoxide can be efficiently removed from the reactor effluent, this structural change is advisable.
Effect of channel geometry and sizeThe aforementioned results note that in addition to channels shape, their hydraulic diameter (or cross-section area) can affect the reaction performance. In order to investigate this matter, the behavior of the reactor was examined using three rectangular channels with different cross section area. To keep the catalyst surface area constant, the cross-section area was changed by changing the channel height only. The results of Fig. 7b present that the mixture temperature, and hydrogen flow rate, and also CO concentration remain higher in the narrow channels. As mentioned before, reducing the channel cross section area at a constant inlet mass flow rate, in one hand reduces the mean residence time of the reaction mixture and on the other hand, increases the catalyst surface area per channel volume, which in the present case, value of increase and decrease of these factors is identical. Therefore, it is expected that reducing the hydraulic diameter has no meaningful effect on the reactor performance whereas the results of Fig. 7b show otherwise. This can relate to improving the heat and mass transfer coefficients because of increasing the velocity of fluid past over the channel walls, which in turn increases the heat and mass (species) transfer rates between the catalyst surface and the adjacent medium. The effect of fluid velocity changes on lateral heat and mass (species) rates is applied to model equations through the defined boundary conditions over the catalyst layer: mass and thermal continuity through the boundary between the reaction mixture and the catalyst layer.
Reducing the CO concentration by water gas shift reaction.As previously indicated, some of the changes such as increasing the feed temperature or external heat supply increase the hydrogen production rate as well as the CO concentration. Hence, these methods are only useful when the CO concentration is reduced sufficiently to meet the standard limits at the reactor outlet before entering the fuel cells. To this end, it is suggested that a bed of water gas shift reaction placed after the SMR reactor. Usually, copper/aluminum-based catalysts such as CuO/ZnO/Al2O3 are used in the range of 120–300 °C to do low temperature water gas shift reaction . Several kinetic models have been reported in open literature for low temperature water gas shift reaction, among them Langmuir-Hinshelwood and Temkin models represent better agreement with experimental results . In the present study, the macro kinetic rate expression reported by Criscuoli and coworkers , based on the Langmuir-Hinshelwood mechanism, is used to predict the performance of the water gas shift reaction. As shown in Fig. 8 , product stream of the SMR reaction is heated to ∼300 °C using a 10 mm preheating zone, subjected to a constant heat flux of 2000 W/m2, before passing through the WGS catalyst. An insulator was placed between the SMR and preheating sections to reduce the conduction of thermal energy toward the SMR channel.
Reducing the CO concentration by water gas shift reaction. The results of Fig. 8b show that the CO conversion is about 30% in WGS channel which causes a decrease in the CO concentration from 0.5% (5000 ppm) to 0.35% (3500 ppm). It should be noted that here the CO conversion is considerably far from the equilibrium due to low residence time of the reaction mixture. Increasing the feed water content and residence time of the reaction mixture and also using of the ultra-low temperature catalysts can improve the performance of the water gas shift reaction [77–79]. Provided the sufficient energy can be supplied for methanol reforming reaction (again see the trend of temperature change in Fig. 4a), the use of water-rich methanol feeds not only reduce the CO concentration in the reformer effluent but also keep the water content at a proper level resulting in improving the efficiency of the water gas shift reaction.
Conclusion.In this work, mathematical modeling and computational fluid dynamic simulation of a 3D mini reformer includes thirteen parallel microchannels were carried out to investigate the performance of hydrogen production by methanol steam reforming reactions. In the performed parametric studies, investigation of the effect of different formulations for evaluation of the diffusive flux of mass, inlet steam to methanol ratio, pre-heat temperature, channels geometry and size, and the level of heat supply on performance of the reactor operation were taken into the account. According to the obtained results, conclusions can be summarized as follows: 1 The predictions of the Maxwell-Stefan model show better agreement with experimental results compared with the mixture-averaged one. 2 Both methanol conversion and hydrogen molar flow rate increase with increasing the inlet steam to carbon ratio and reaches its maximum value at S/C = 1.4: an optimum value for the inlet S/C ratio that maximizes the methanol conversion and hydrogen molar flow rate is observed. 3 Increasing the inlet steam to methanol ratio monotonically reduces the reaction temperature and CO concentration. 4 Higher heat supply, feed temperature rise and the use of more narrow channels all increase the methanol conversion and hydrogen molar flow rate as well as the CO concentration. So, these changes are useful only when the excessive produced carbon monoxide can be removed efficiently from the product stream, however, the CO production can be reduced using the water-rich methanol feeds. 5 Comparison between the operation of cylindrical and rectangular channels in an identical reaction surface area indicates that so long as the increase of specific surface area is greater than the reduction of residence time, methanol conversion and hydrogen production rate is improved. 6 Connecting a water gas shift catalytic channel in series with the methanol reformer can efficiently reduce the CO concentration provided that the inlet water content, catalyst temperature and residence time of the reaction mixture are chosen and controlled properly.
Introduction.Environmentally benign and renewable energy sources have attracted widespread attention for their potential to power a range of applications from portable electronics to electric vehicles (EV) [1–5]. This type of energy source has been developed extensively due to the ever increasing demand for energy and due to the high stability of various applications such as those mentioned above. As an emerging alternative device for rechargeable battery systems, lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) have been developed and extensively utilized in many applications over the past three decades and have shown advantages including long life, high safety and benign environmental effects . However, LIBs do not meet the requirements for large-scale energy-storage systems and electric vehicles due to their high cost and limited energy density (∼150 Wh kg−1) . In order to overcome the limitations of LIBs, lithium sulfur batteries (Li-S) have been considered to be one of the most promising next-generation energy systems, due to the high theoretical capacity (1672 mAh g−1), high energy density (2600 Wh kg−1), natural abundance, low cost and environmental friendliness of sulfur [10–15]. Despite these advantages, Li-S batteries have been limited by the poor electronic conductivity of sulfur and dissolution of the polysulfide intermediates (Li2SX, 2 < X ≤ 8) in the electrolyte. First, the poor conductivity of sulfur (5 × 10−30 S cm−1) necessitates the use of additional conductive materials (e.g., multi-walled carbon nanotube (MWCNT), acetylene black, carbon black, ketjen black®, etc.) that can enhance the electrical conductivity of the sulfur-containing cathodes. Second, the high solubility of polysulfide intermediates in liquid electrolytes during cycling leads to a “shuttle phenomenon” in which dissolved polysulfides diffuse from the cathode to the lithium anode, leading to loss of the active materials. This shuttle reaction is a major cause of low coulombic efficiency. Third, the density difference between sulfur and the final discharge product (i.e., Li2S) has been shown to result in a volume expansion of ∼80% during charge/discharge processes, which exerts a large mechanical stress on the cathode [16–21]. To overcome these problems with Li-S batteries, many researchers have reported including a sulfur cathode, electrolyte, separator and lithium anode. The sulfur cathode design has included i) nanostructured carbon-sulfur composites, which are considered to be one of the candidates to encapsulate sulfur in various carbon materials (e.g., porous carbon , activated carbon [24–26], carbon nanofiber [27–29] and graphene [30–32]) and to trap the lithium polysulfide in the cathode, ii) a conductive coating polymer (e.g., polyacrylonitrile , polyaniline  and polypyrrole ) on the sulfur as an active material to stabilize the cycling performance of the sulfur cathode, and iii) the use of a metal oxide such as TiO2 , SiO2 [41–43], Al2O3 [44–46] and MnO2 [47–49] to trap lithium polysulfide by physisorption and/or chemisorption. Recently, in another approach for rechargeable battery systems, the use of an interlayer inserted between the sulfur cathode and the separator has been shown to improve the electrochemical performance of Li-S batteries . It is noteworthy that an interlayer can reduce the polysulfide shuttling problem by absorbing sulfur species on the cathode side and providing extra reaction sites for the sulfur species, thereby improving the utilization of the active material, and improving the capacity and cycling stability of Li-S batteries. Many research groups have reported remarkable results based on the introduction of interlayer materials composed of a MWCNT [52–55], oxide [56–62], and polymer [63–66] in order to overcome the problems with sulfur and hence realize high-performance Li batteries with enhanced cycling performance.
Introduction. In the present study, we introduced a new facile approach that enabled the fabrication of a highly conductive and porous carbon web-structured felt consisting of graphitic carbon fibers as an efficient interlayer between the sulfur cathode and glass fiber (GF) separator in Li-S batteries . This type of battery showed a relatively high specific initial discharge capacity (1280.14 mAh g−1) and excellent cycling stability (1004.62 mAh g−1 after 100 cycles) at 0.2 C. The graphitic carbon fiber felt (GCFF) was made by using an electrospinning technique and graphitization process (2800 °C), and was observed to have a three-dimensional web structure consisting of interconnected graphitic carbon fibers. It also displayed superior electrical resistivity (10−3 ∼ 10−4 Ω' cm), and mechanical stability is owing to the graphitic carbon-carbon bonds. The addition of these features led to a great improvement in the conductivity of the sulfur in the cathode due to contacts between the sulfur cathode and the GCFF. Also, the GCFF functioned as an upper current collector and reduced the charge-transfer resistance. In addition, the GCFF between the sulfur cathode and the GF in the Li-S batteries not only suppressed the shuttle phenomenon by trapping the soluble lithium polysulfides during cycling, but also provided extra reaction space for the sulfur species. Moreover, our suggested technique showed excellent reproducibility and high process efficiency. Namely, our three dimensional GCFF was fabricated over a large area (∼10 cm * 10 cm) with high uniformity and very low weight by using a very simple and low-cost process. This easy, rapid, and efficient fabrication of a carbon-based interlayer provides the potential for the new structured assembly with addition of GCFF interlayer in Li-S batteries.
Preparation of the graphitic carbon fiber felt (GCFF) interlayer. The GCFF interlayer was prepared by carrying out graphitization of a polyacrylonitrile (PAN, Mw: 150,000) felt synthesized using the electrospinning technique. First, a PAN solution for the electrospinning experiment was prepared by mixing 12 wt% PAN in N,N-dimethylformamide (DMF, 99.5%, MW = 73.09); this mixture was made homogeneously dispersed by stirring it at 60 °C for 24 h. The resulting polymer solution was transferred into a 12 ml syringe with a metal tip (0.50 mm inner diameter). The typical parameters used for the electrospinning experiment were an electric field of about 20 kV, and a feeding rate of the polymer solution of 2.5 ml h−1. The distance between the needle and the collector was 18 cm. The as-electrospun PAN fiber felt was peeled off from the collector and heat treated in a tube furnace (SUNGRIM FITTING, Korea) and graphitization furnace (ThermVac, Korea) with three graphitization steps: I) in an air atmosphere, heating up to 250 °C at a rate of 5 °C min−1 and annealing for 3 h to stabilize the dimensions of the carbon fiber; II) in an Ar atmosphere, heating up to 1000 °C at a rate of 5 °C min−1 and annealing for 3 h for full carbonization; and finally, III) in an Ar atmosphere, heating up to 2800 °C — by first heating at a rate of 10 °C min−1 up to 1800 °C, then at 5 °C min−1 up to 2400 °C, and lastly at 3 °C min−1 up to the 2800 °C target —and annealing for 2 h. It was about 56 μm in thickness of the GCFF.
Electrochemical tests.The sulfur cathode was prepared by homogeneously mixing commercial sulfur powder, Super P® and polyvinylidene fluoride (PVDF) at a weight ratio of 60: 20: 20 in an N-methylpyrrolidone (NMP) solution using a planetary ball mill machine. The slurry was uniformly spread onto an Al foil and dried at 60 °C for 24 h. The sulfur cathodes were each cut into a circular disc with a 10 mm in diameter. The sulfur loading on the cathode was approximately 0.7 mg cm−2. A 2032-type coin cell and Swagelok®-type cell were assembled with lithium metal as the anode and 1 M lithium bis(trifluoromethanesulfonyl)imide (LiTFSI) with 0.2 M LiNO3 in a solvent mixture of 1,2-dimethoxyethane (DME) and 1,3-dioxolane (DOL) (1:1, v:v) as the electrolyte. A glass fiber membrane (GF, Whatman, 420 μm in thickness) consisting of borosilicate microfibers were used as the separator. GCFF was inserted as an interlayer between the sulfur cathode and GF separator. All cells were prepared in an Ar-filled glovebox. Electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) tests were performed with a VSP (BioLogic) in the frequency range 1 MHz and 100 mHz at a potentiostatic signal amplitude of 5 mV. The charge/discharge and cycling performances of the cell were evaluated at room temperature between 1.7 V and 2.8 V at various current densities (rates of 0.2, 0.5, 1 and 2 C) using an automatic galvanostatic charge/discharge unit (WonA Tech. Co.). All of the capacity values were calculated based on the weights of sulfur in the cathode as active material. Morphological characterization and elemental mapping of the carbon felt, GCFF and GF separator samples before and after cycling were carried out with a Magellan 400 FE-SEM equipped with an energy dispersive spectrometer (EDS). After cycling, all samples were washed by using DOL to remove Li salt.
Material characterization. The morphologies of the carbon felt, GCFF and GF separator were characterized by performing FE-SEM (Magellan 400) and high-resolution transmission electron microscopy (HR-TEM, JEM-2100F), and their elemental compositions were confirmed by carrying out EDS experiments. Also, X-ray diffraction (XRD) patterns were collected between two-theta values of 10 and 90° at a scan rate of 0.2° min−1 using a D/MAX-2500 X-ray diffractometer with CuKα radiation. And X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy data were collected with a K-Alpha+ system.
Polysulfide permeability test.To visually observe the effect of the GCFF on the migration of polysulfide molecules, a polysulfide diffusion test was performed with vials that we modified. A 1.3 M Li2S8 solution was prepared by mixing elemental S and Li2S in a mixture of 1,2-dimethoxyethane (DME) and 1,3-dioxolane (DOL) (1:1, v:v) at 60 °C and stirring the resulting mixture for 24 h in an Ar-filled glovebox. The 1.3 M Li2S8 solution was transferred into a small vial, and blank electrolyte solution (a mixture of 1,2-dimethoxyethane (DME) and 1,3-dioxolane (DOL) (1:1, v:v)) was transferred into a large vial. GF either with or without the GCFF interlayer was set between the cap and the septa in the small vial. Finally, the diffusion of polysulfide was recorded by using a digital camera.
Results and discussion.Fig. 1 shows a schematic illustration of the process used to fabricate the GCFF as an interlayer and a mechanism for GCFF-inserted Li-S batteries. First, a PAN fiber felt with interconnected PAN fibers (Fig. 1b) was prepared simply by carrying out electrospinning (Fig. 1a). The electrospinning technique is a simple and versatile method for generating fibers with diameters on the nanometer scale, and hence with high specific surface areas. The as-electrospun PAN fiber felt was subjected to oxidation (250 °C, 3 h), carbonization (1000 °C, 3 h) and graphitization (2800 °C, 2 h) to produce the GCFF (Fig. 1c). Note that, as shown below, the graphitization part of the procedure transformed an amorphous carbon structure to graphitic carbon structures (the right side inset of Fig. 1c). In contrast to carbon felt, GCFF as an interlayer in Li-S batteries yielded excellent electrical resistivity (10−3 ∼ 10−4 Ω' cm) and good polysulfide trapping properties. We attributed this high level of trapping to the intrinsically high graphitic crystallinity of GCFF (see below). Fig. 1d and e shows schematic illustrations of a proposed mechanism by which the GCFF interlayer can trap polysulfides in Li-S batteries. When using only a glass fiber (GF) as a separator in Li-S cell, polysulfides dissolved in the electrolyte were observed to be present in both the sulfur cathode side and the anode side, resulting in the shuttle phenomenon and loss of sulfur (Fig. 1e). Meanwhile, in a cell also including GCFF as part of the interlayer in Li-S batteries, the polysulfides were observed to be remain exclusively on the sulfur cathode side, due to strong ability of GCFF to selectively trap polysulfides (Fig. 1d). This feature was apparently responsible for the improved cycling performance, capacity retention ratio and coulombic efficiency of the cell containing GCFF.
Results and discussion. Fig. 2 shows scanning electron microscopy (SEM), high-resolution transmission electron microscopy (HR-TEM) and energy dispersive spectrometry (EDS) images of the GCFF. The SEM images (Fig. 2a–c) showed the fabricated GCFF to include an interconnected web structure of graphitic carbon fibers with diameters of about 400 nm and roughened surfaces over a large area. And, clear SEM images shows the interconnected web structure (Fig. S1, Supporting Information). The GCFF was also found to be highly flexible (inset of Fig. 2a). The high-resolution TEM images in Fig. 2d–f showed the morphology and carbon crystalline status of the graphitic carbon fiber. In order to confirm the crystalline nature of the prepared graphitic carbon fibers, a SAED pattern and HRTEM image lattice fringes of such a fiber was analyzed: the SAED pattern (Fig. 2e) showed a ring pattern with spots, with the rings indexed to the (0 0 2) planes of graphite; and the HRTEM image (Fig. 2f) showed lattice fringes in a wave form, which we attributed to the parallel stacked graphitic layers. The graphitic layers with well-crystallized structures would be expected to offer excellent charge transfer pathways. The interplanar spacing derived from the HRTEM image was 3.35 Å (Average value), which matched the 3.3553 Å spacing corresponding to the (0 0 2) plane of graphitic carbon (PDF#00-056-0159). As shown in Fig. 2g, an EDS elemental mapping of one of the graphitic carbon fibers we fabricated revealed it to be 99.97 wt% carbon, 0.02 wt% oxygen, and 0.01 wt% nitrogen. Also, the SEM, high-resolution TEM and EDS images of the GF (conventional separator) and carbon felt (produced by the heat treatment at 1000 °C) are displayed in Fig. S2 of Supporting Information.
Results and discussion.XRD patterns and XPS survey scans of the carbon felt prepared through the carbonization process at 1000 °C and the GCFF interlayer prepared through our method using the additional graphitization process at 2800 °C are shown in Fig. 3 . The data for the carbon felt were collected to specifically understand the effect of the graphitization process. The carbon felt showed very weak low-resolution X-ray diffraction (Fig. 3a), consistent with amorphous carbon structures. In contrast, the GCFF yielded a sharp peak at a two-theta angle of about 26°, corresponding to the (0 0 2) plane of the crystalline graphitic structure and indicative of a highly crystalline carbon structure. The XPS data (Fig. 3b) revealed the GCFF to be nearly pure carbon (99.73% carbon, and hardly any nitrogen and oxygen), but the carbon felt to consist of more than 10% non-carbon atoms. The XRD and XPS data taken together were consistent with the GCFF being made up of crystalline graphitic C-C bonding structures.
Results and discussion.Motivated by the observation of complex interconnected web structures and highly crystalline carbon molecular structures for the GCFF, we set out to determine the electrochemical effects of including it in the coin cells (CR2032) in a Li-S batteries (Fig. 4 ). Charge and discharge voltage profiles of the sulfur cathode without (Fig. 4a) and with the GCFF interlayer (Fig. 4b) were acquired during the 1st, 2nd, 20th, 50th and 100th cycles at a current density of 0.2 C (1 C = 1672 mA g−1). All specific capacities were calculated by using the mass of sulfur. A typical two-plateau-discharge and single-charge behavior was observed in each of the two graphs, with these two plateaus corresponding to the formation of elemental sulfur (S8) to soluble long-chain polysulfides (Li2SX, 4 ≤ X ≤ 8) at 2.3 V and the conversion of short-chain polysulfides (Li2SX, 1 < X < 4) and Li2S at 2.1 V during discharge. The single-charge plateau at 2.3 V was due to the reversible oxidation reactions of Li2S/Li2S2 to Li2S8/S8. The electrochemical reversibility of the cell determined by the average voltage gap between the charge and discharge curves (ΔE). The ΔE value (160 mV) between the first charge and discharge with the GCFF interlayer was far smaller than the ΔE value (210 mV) without the GCFF interlayer (Fig. 4a and b, highlighted with black arrows). Furthermore, as cycles increase, the ΔE value of Fig. 4a increased greatly, but the ΔE value of Fig. 4b was maintained. Namely, the GCFF improved the kinetic efficiency of the reaction process by improving the electrical conductivity (i.e., pseudo-substrate) and decreased the electrode polarization. Fig. 4c shows the cycling performance of the Li-S batteries with/without a GCFF interlayer at a current density of 0.2 C for 100 cycles. Here, a high specific initial discharge capacity of 1280.14 mAh g−1 and excellent cycling stability (1004.62 mAh g−1 after 100 cycles) were observed at the sulfur cathode with the GCFF interlayer, which was much larger than the specific initial discharge capacity of 785.73 mAh g−1 and cycling stability (344.92 mAh g−1 after 100 cycles) at the sulfur cathode without a GCFF interlayer. The lower discharge capacity without a GCFF interlayer indicated a lower utilization of sulfur. Using only a glass fiber (GF) as the separator in the Li-S batteries apparently resulted in the shuttle phenomenon, in which dissolved polysulfides diffused from the sulfur cathode to the lithium anode, causing low coulombic efficiency in early cycling. In contrast, inclusion of the GCFF interlayer apparently yielded the low irreversible capacity with high coulombic efficiency (about 100%) by trapping polysulfides and hence their elemental sulfur on the sulfur cathode side. It is noteworthy that the GCFF interlayer appeared to suppress the shuttle phenomenon. To confirm that it was specifically the GCFF interlayer, i.e., that resulting from the heat treatment at 2800 °C, that improved the electrochemical properties of the Li-S batteries, we carried out another experiment — where instead of the GCFF interlayer, we inserted the carbon felt, prepared by the heat treatment at only 1000 °C, as an interlayer between the sulfur cathode and GF separator and carried out cycling under the same conditions (Fig. S3, Supporting Information). The sulfur cathode with the carbon felt interlayer showed a high irreversible capacity and coulombic efficiency (C' E) of 82.6% during 100 cycles at 0.2 C. We attributed this low cycling performance to the carbon felt having a structure and electrical properties that differed from those of the GCFF and that could not suppress the shuttle phenomenon and hence could not trap the soluble polysulfides during cycling. The rate performance of the sulfur cathode with the GCFF interlayer was also investigated at various current densities and the results are presented in Fig. 4d. An initial discharge capacity of 1298.9 mAh g−1 was obtained at 0.2 C, attesting to the high utilization of sulfur. At higher rates of 0.5, 1 and 2 C, the sulfur cathode delivered capacities of 1023.31, 919.43 and 786.84 mAh g−1, respectively. When the rate was reduced back to 0.2 C, a reversible capacity of 1138.25 mAh g−1 was observed. Electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) tests were also performed to compare the cells with and without the GCFF interlayer before cycling, and the data are presented in Fig. 4e. The sulfur cathode with the GCFF interlayer showed a much lower resistance than did that without a GCFF interlayer, indicating faster charge transfer for the GCFF interlayer, likely due to the high conductivity of its graphite structure. The relatively low charge transfer impedance resulting from the use of the GCFF interlayer may have specifically arisen from its interlinked three-dimensional nanostructure and the surface roughness of its graphitic carbon fibers, as well as from its flexibility ensuring its close contact with the sulfur cathode, and the resulting effective decrease in the contact resistance. The long-term cycling stability of the Li-S batteries with the GCFF interlayer was tested at a rate of 1 C for 300 cycles, as shown in Fig. 4f. The Li-S cell showed an initial discharge capacity of 1554.21 mAh g−1 and good cycling stability, with a high reversible capacity of 830 mAh g−1 even after 300 cycles. Moreover, the coulombic efficiency was maintained at approximately 100% for all of the cycles. These results, taken together, indicated the advantage of introducing the GCFF interlayer into Li-S batteries.
Results and discussion.To prove that the GCFF interlayer can suppress the migration of polysulfides, the polysulfide permeabilities of a GF in the presence and absence of the GCFF were investigated as shown in Fig. 5 . As shown in Fig. 5a, the large vial of this test was filled with the blank electrolyte (DME/DOL 1:1, v:v) and the small vial had the electrolyte with 1.3 M Li2S8 in DME/DOL. The GF with or without the GCFF interlayer was set between the open cap and the septum in the small vial. The diffusion of polysulfides was recorded using a digital camera, as shown in Fig. 5b. For the set up that included only the GF as the separator, the color in the large vial became yellow after ten minutes, which indicated that the Li2S8 in the small vial of this set up diffused to the large vial. Meanwhile, the color in the large vial for the set up that included both the GF and GCFF did not change during the first 120 min, indicating that the Li2S8 in the small vial of this set up did not diffuse to the large vial during this time period. After 120 min, the color of the bottom part of this large vial did become light yellow, and the color of the bottom parts of both large vials became red after 600 min. These results demonstrated a low diffusion rate of polysulfides in the Li-S batteries using the GCFF interlayer, with the low rate due to the high polysulfide trapping characteristics of web structured graphitic carbon fibers, and hence helped explain the stable performance of these Li-S batteries over many cycles.
Results and discussion.In order to further understand how the GCFF enhanced the electrochemical performance, the surfaces of the GCFF interlayer were imaged after various numbers of cycles at a current density of 0.2 C (Fig. 6 ). Fig. 6c and d shows SEM images of, respectively, the cathode side and anode side surfaces of the GCFF after 20 cycles. Comparing these images with those of the GCFF taken before cycling (Fig. 6a and b) indicated that after 20 cycles, absorption as dot form of sulfur to the cathode sides of the graphitic carbon fibers, but in case of anode side, similar to the SEM image before cycle (Fig. 6b), GCFF after 20 cycles seems to has very low quantity sulfur (Fig. 6d). Note that this trapping of the sulfur species by the GCFF interlayers in Li-S batteries at the sulfur cathode side of the GCFF during the course of multiple cycles was apparently due to the physical and electrical properties of the graphitic structure. In other words, the graphitic carbon fibers were attributed to the effective adsorption of dissolved polysulfide onto the GCFF interlayer. EDX data confirmed that carbon and silicon were uniformly distributed in the fibers and that sulfur was distributed all over the surfaces of fibers (Fig. S4, Supporting Information). Also, we found that the GCFF has a much larger surface area than GF through the BET analysis. The reason is that the average fiber diameter of GF (>1 μm) is larger than the others (>400 nm). GCFF with large surface area is expected to affects the trapping ability of polysulfides (Table S1). Fig. 6e and f shows SEM images of, respectively, the cathode side and anode side of the GCFF after 200 cycles. These images indicated that, after so many cycles, both sides of the graphitic carbon fibers were covered uniformly with sulfur species. Apparently these sulfur species resulted from the dissolution of the polysulfides into the electrolyte solution during long-term cycling. Nevertheless, the structures of the graphitic carbon fibers seemed, according to these images, to be well preserved after 200 cycles, indicative of their structural stability. The above interpretations of the SEM images were confirmed from analysis of TEM images of the GCFF interlayer after 200 cycles at 0.2 C (Fig. S6, Supporting Information). In addition, the amount of sulfur covering the sulfur cathode side of the graphitic carbon fibers was greater than that covering the lithium anode side of the GF (Fig. S5, Supporting Information). These results verified that GCFF acted as an interlayer that suppressed the shuttle phenomenon and guaranteed a high utilization of sulfur. Also, the image of the anode side of the GF separator after 200 cycles (Fig. S5d, Supporting Information) confirmed the presence of a solid electrolyte interphase (SEI), which apparently resulted from a stable Li deposition on the Li metal, which in turn was due to a low or moderate concentration of sulfur in the electrolyte solution.
Results and discussion.Fig. 7 shows photographs of the Li metal anodes from Li-S cells dissembled directly in the Ar-filled glovebox after 200 cycles at 0.2 C. The surface of the Li metal from the cell using the GF separator without the GCFF interlayer was not shiny, and was nearly dry (Fig. 7a). We attributed this condition to severe corrosion of the Li metal resulting from the migration of dissolved polysulfides in high concentrations in the electrolyte solution from the cathode to the anode. In contrast, as seen in Fig. 7b, the surface of the Li metal from the cell using the GF separator with the GCFF interlayer was observed to be shiny and was not dry.
Conclusions.In summary, we have developed a new approach, involving combining graphitization and electrospinning, to fabricate a 3D web-structured GCFF for use in high-performance Li-S batteries. We also for the first time used GCFF as an interlayer between the sulfur cathode and the GF separator in Li-S batteries, and showed this interlayer to significantly enhance the specific initial discharge capacity to a high level of 1280.14 mAh g−1 and to yield excellent cycling stability (i.e., a capacity of 1004.62 mAh g−1 after 100 cycles) at 0.2 C. Furthermore, the GCFF interlayer decreased the voltage gap (160 mV) between the first charge and discharge because of its good electrical conductivity. The prepared GCFF not only showed high flexibility, but also a crystalline graphitic carbon structure, with a sharp peak at 26° in XRD patterns. It thus functioned as an upper current collector and reduced the charge-transfer resistance. Also, Li-S batteries using the GCFF interlayer showed a good ability to trap polysulfides over the course of 20 cycles. We also confirmed the presence of an SEI, which apparently resulted from a stable Li deposition on the Li metal after 200 cycles. For the configuration system introduced in this study based on the development of future high-performance Li-S batteries, we expect that GCFF as interlayer for Li-S batteries will be able to pioneer the new battery system.
Introduction.Reductive electrolyte decomposition on graphite negative electrodes is unavoidable, because the working voltage of these electrodes is beyond the thermodynamic stability window of commonly used carbonate-based electrolytes. Fortunately, however, the decomposition products are deposited on the graphite surface and once the film grows to a certain thickness, additional electrolyte decomposition is greatly suppressed, as the electrode is now passivated by the surface films (i.e., protected from the reductive electrolyte decomposition). This beneficial feature of surface films is a result of their electronically insulating property. Namely, electron tunneling from graphite to the electrolyte solutions, which is required for the reductive electrolyte decomposition, becomes extremely sluggish if the insulating surface films are sufficiently thick. On the other hand, unlike the electrons, the surface films allow ion transport and prevent concentration polarization for the electrode reactions. Hence, these surface films are referred to as solid electrolyte interphase (SEI).
Introduction.In order to deposit effective SEI layers with high passivating ability, some SEI formers can be added into electrolyte solutions to be reductively decomposed prior to the electrolytes. Vinylene carbonate (VC) is the most widely used SEI former for negative electrodes such as graphite and Si [1–6]. The unique feature of VC as SEI former is its polymerization assisted by carbon-carbon double bond. The SEI layer generated after VC decomposition contains dense organic layers that include poly (vinylene carbonate), which exhibit excellent passivating ability [2,7,8].
Introduction.VC is also an effective film former for some 3–4 V positive electrodes (e.g. LiCoO2, LiFePO4, and LiMn2O4) [9–11]. The effectiveness of VC as a film former can be demonstrated in a graphite/LiMn2O4 full-cell. In this cell, Mn dissolution from the manganese spinel positive electrode (LiMn2O4) is appreciable. The critical effects of Mn dissolution are not on the positive electrode. Instead, the dissolved Mn2+ ions are plated on the graphite electrode to reduce the passivating ability of the SEI layers thereof. Electrolyte decomposes on the newly plated metallic Mn surface by taking Li+ ions and electrons from the positive electrode [12–15]. The net result is the loss of cell capacity. The addition of VC in the electrolyte solution can suppress the Mn deposition, due to the high passivating ability of VC-derived surface films on graphite negative electrode, so that the series of undesired events can be avoided from the beginning .
Introduction.Recently, the Ni-doped manganese spinel (LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4, LNMO) has been developed as a 5 V positive electrode. The merit of graphite/LNMO full-cell is its higher energy density than that fabricated with 4 V positive electrodes (e.g. LiCoO2 and LiMn2O4). For optimal performance, both electrodes in graphite/LNMO full-cells should be passivated by effective surface films. However, while VC is still effective for the graphite negative electrode, it is known to negatively impact the LNMO positive electrode. Namely, VC is not stable against electrochemical oxidation under highly oxidizing condition of LNMO electrodes (4.7–4.8 V vs. Li/Li+). Serious side effects, such as gas evolution, organic by-product generation, and self-discharge are reported [17–19]. In short, the use of VC is necessary for graphite negative electrodes, while it should be avoided for LNMO positive electrodes. Therefore, the common simple practice to add SEI formers into electrolyte solutions cannot be applied for VC in graphite/LNMO full-cells. Namely, although VC in the electrolyte solution can produce a stable SEI layer on the graphite electrode, it has critically harmful effects on the LNMO electrode.
Introduction.This work was motivated by the hypothesis that, if VC is fixed on the graphite surface by chemical bonding, its crossover to the LNMO electrode can be avoided. In that case, the undesirable oxidative decomposition of VC on the LNMO electrode is prevented, while an effective SEI layer can still be obtained on the graphite electrode. As a way to attach VC on the graphite surface, molecular layer deposition (MLD) is performed in this work, which is a vapor-phase deposition method and known to give uniform coating . The following objectives have been identified in this work: (a) whether VC can be attached on graphite surface by MLD technique, (b) whether the VC derivative on the graphite still serves as an SEI former, just like VC molecules in electrolyte solutions, (c) whether the surface-attached VC migrate to produce adverse effects on the LNMO positive electrode, and (d) how the VC in the electrolyte solution deteriorates the graphite/LNMO full-cells.
MLD of APS and VC on graphite surface.The surface modification was performed on natural graphite (DAG87, Sodiff Co., Ltd.) according to the procedure shown in Scheme 1 . Before the MLD, the graphite surface was enriched by hydroxyl groups simply by exposing it to hydrogen peroxide at 60°C for 12 h. After washing with distilled water and vacuum drying, the graphite powder was placed inside a home-made chamber and contacted (3-aminopropyl)triethoxysilane (APS, Sigma-Aldrich) at 100°C for 5 h, followed by washing with toluene and vacuum drying at 80°C. The MLD of VC (Soulbrain) was performed at 100°C for 12 h, by contacting VC to the APS-treated graphite sample. Finally, the surface-modified graphite powder was washed with toluene and vacuum dried at 80°C.
Surface characterizations.The surface-modified graphite powder was analyzed with X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) and transmission electron microscopy (TEM). The surface analysis of LNMO electrodes was also performed using XPS. For this, the graphite/LNMO full-cells were cycled 5 times and then dismantled in an argon-filled dry box. The LNMO electrodes were collected and washed with ethyl methyl carbonate (EMC). A hermetic vessel was used to transfer the samples from the dry box to the instrument chamber to prevent any exposure to air. The XPS data were collected in an ultra-high vacuum multipurpose surface analysis system (Sigma probe, Thermo, UK) that operates at a base pressure of <10−10 mbar. The photoelectrons were excited by Al Kα (1486.6 eV) radiation at a constant power of 150 W (15 kV and 10 mA), and the X-ray spot size was 400 μm2. During data acquisition, a constant-analyzer-energy mode was used at a pass energy of 30 eV and a step of 0.1 eV. TEM measurements were performed using a JEM-2100F (JEOL Ltd, Japan) system operated at 120 kV. The bright-field scanning TEM (BF-STEM) and elemental mapping with energy dispersive X-ray spectroscopy (EDS) were performed with the samples prepared by dropping the graphite powder onto a lacey carbon-coated Cu grid and drying overnight under vacuum.
Electrochemical characterizations.The graphite composite electrodes were fabricated by mixing the graphite powder, Super P (as a conductive carbon), and poly (vinylidenefluoride) (PVdF, Kureha, KF-1300) (90:5:5 in wt. ratio). The mixture was dispersed in N-methyl pyrrolidone (NMP), and the resulting slurry was coated on copper foil, and dried at 120°C for 12 h under vacuum. The standard electrolyte was 1.0 M LiPF6 dissolved in a mixture of ethylene carbonate (EC) and EMC (3:7 in vol. ratio). Three Li/graphite half-cells were fabricated with the graphite composite electrode, PP-PE-PP (PE = polyethylene, PP = polypropylene, Celgard) separator and Li foil. Half-cell (i) was fabricated with Li metal, standard electrolyte and the pristine graphite. Half-cell (ii) was fabricated with Li metal, standard electrolyte and the surface-modified graphite. Half-cell (iii) was fabricated with Li metal, 2 wt % VC-added standard electrolyte and the pristine graphite. The galvanostatic charge/discharge cycling of the half-cells was performed over the potential range of 0.005–2.5 V (vs. Li/Li+). The half-cells were pre-cycled 5 times at a current density of 0.1 C-rate for the initial 2 cycles and at 0.2 C-rate for the following 3 cycles. After that, they were cycled at 0.5 C-rate for 50 cycles.
Electrochemical characterizations.Correspondingly, three graphite/LNMO full-cells were prepared with the composite positive electrodes, which were made from an LNMO powder (provided by LG Chem.), Super P, and PVdF (94:3:3 in wt. %). Full-cell (i) was fabricated with the pristine graphite and standard electrolyte, full-cell (ii) was fabricated with the surface-modified graphite and standard electrolyte, and full-cell (iii) was fabricated with the pristine graphite and 2 wt % VC-added standard electrolyte. The N/P ratio was fixed to 1.1. The charge-discharge cycling for the full-cells was performed at a current density of 0.5 C-rate within a potential range of 3.0–4.8 V (vs. Li/Li+) after an initial 5 cycles (pre-cycling).
Measurement of acid concentration and metal plating on graphite electrode.To compare the concentration of acids generated from the oxidative electrolyte decomposition, a beaker-type cell was fabricated with 10 ml of standard electrolyte with or without 2 wt % VC. The electrolyte was oxidized by imposing 4.9 V (vs. Li/Li+) on a Pt electrode for 24 h at ambient temperature. The electrolyte was then sampled, and their acid concentration was analyzed by using an acid-base titrator (888 titrando, Metrohm). Metal deposition on graphite electrodes was analyzed using an inductively-coupled plasma optical emission spectrometer (ICP-OES, VARIAN 730ES). To this end, the three full-cells that differ in either graphite electrode or electrolyte solution were charged up to 4.9 V and stored at 60°C for 10 days. Then, the full-cells were disassembled and the graphite electrodes were collected. The plated metals were dissolved by treating with aqua regia (hydrochloric acid and nitric acid in 3:1 vol ratio), then the Ni and Mn contents were analyzed with ICP-OES.
Results and discussion.The schematic procedure for the preparation of surface-bonded VC derivative on graphite is presented in Scheme 1. The graphite sample was treated with H2O2 to generate surface hydroxyl groups, which react with APS to form Si-O-graphite covalent bond in the first MLD. The amine group of APS attacks VC molecules in the second MLD process to produce the ring-opened VC derivative [21–25]. The formation of ring-opened VC derivative linked by APS moiety can be confirmed from the XPS data shown in Fig. 1 , in which several features ascertain the attachment of VC derivative on the graphite surface. Firstly, the C 1s photoelectrons emitted from the sp2 carbon at 285 eV decreased after the modification, indicative of the deposition of foreign materials on the graphite surface. The nature of the foreign deposits can be identified from other XPS data. In the O 1s spectra, the presence of Si-O bonds is noticed at 532.7 eV, which is absent before the modification. The presence of Si-O-Si moiety is confirmed from the Si 2p peak at 102.6 eV. Meanwhile, the presence of urethane linkage can be confirmed from the peak at 400.4 eV in N 1s spectra. The formation of the enol-type product by the attack of –NH2 group of APS on the carbonyl carbon of VC (Scheme 1) can be supported by the presence of C=C double bond in the foreign materials. As is seen in the C 1s spectra in Fig. 1, the intensity of π-π* peak (shakeup line), which comes from π-bond containing carbons , increases even after the graphite surface is covered by foreign materials, reflecting that the foreign materials contain C=C moiety. Given that the reductive polymerization of VC proceeds via the C=C bond in the VC structure to generate SEI layer, the presence of C=C bond in the surface-attached VC derivative means that the surface-attached molecules are also reactive in the reductive polymerization to generate an SEI layer on graphite electrode.
Results and discussion.The attachment of APS and VC derivatives is further demonstrated by TEM-EDS mapping. As can be seen in Fig. 2 , the signals for Si and N (from APS) are detected in the modified graphite powder but not in the pristine one. The much stronger O signal after the modification illustrates the attachment of O-containing VC derivative. Meanwhile, the distribution of Si, O, and N atoms is quite uniform, reflecting that the APS/VC derivative is uniformly deposited on the graphite surface via two consecutive vapor phase depositions (see Fig. 3).
Results and discussion.To check if the attached VC derivative is electrochemically reduced to form an SEI layer just like VC molecules in electrolyte solution, the differential capacity (dQ/dV) plots of the three Li/graphite half-cells are compared. The first lithiation dQ/dV plot shows that the half-cell with unmodified (pristine) graphite and standard electrolyte gives a reduction current from 1.1 V but a major reduction current at 0.6 V (vs. Li/Li+), which is the characteristic feature for the reductive decomposition of EC-based electrolytes . When 2 wt % of VC is added into the electrolyte solution as an SEI-former, the reduction starts from 1.3 V and the peak at 0.6 V is shifted to 0.7 V. This is a commonly observed feature for VC. It is known that VC intermediates promote the EC reduction reaction . The half-cell (ii) fabricated with modified graphite and standard electrolyte gives rise to a dQ/dV plot that is almost identical to that for the 2 wt % VC-added one (half-cell (iii)). This implies that the VC-derivative on the graphite surface is electrochemically reduced to generate an SEI layer, just like VC molecules in the electrolyte solution.
Results and discussion.Fig. 4 compares the Coulombic efficiency and capacity retention of the three Li/graphite half-cells. The half-cell (i) shows a Coulombic efficiency of 99.5% after a few initial cycles, during which the standard electrolyte decomposes to generate an SEI layer. The moderate Coulombic efficiency (99.5%) in the later cycles illustrates that the SEI layer derived from the standard electrolyte is not fully passivating, i.e., some parasitic reactions prevail even after its formation. Previous literature explain this feature on the basis of mechanical strength of SEI layers derived from the carbonate-based electrolytes. Namely, the SEI layer is damaged by the mechanical stress induced by volumetric expansion of graphite electrode itself, which is known to be ca. 15% upon lithiation. As a result, new graphite surface is exposed to the electrolyte solution, on which the reductive electrolyte decomposition continues . As seen in Fig. 4, in half-cell (iii), 2 wt % of VC addition into the standard electrolyte solution improves the Coulombic efficiency and capacity retention, reflecting the superior passivating ability of the VC-derived SEI layer compared to the organic carbonate-derived one. The half-cell (ii) fabricated with the surface-modified graphite but without VC addition into the electrolyte shows comparable performance to (iii) with respect to the Coulombic efficiency and capacity retention. This must be due to the stable SEI formation by the reductive decomposition of surface-attached VC derivative, and the highly passivating ability of the resulting SEI layer.
Results and discussion.Fig. 5 a and b shows the Coulombic efficiency and capacity retention of three graphite/LNMO full-cells after pre-cycling, respectively. The full-cell (i) fabricated with the pristine graphite and the standard electrolyte shows moderate performance in Coulombic efficiency and capacity retention. However, full-cell (ii) fabricated with the surface-modified graphite outperforms full-cell (i). Since the two cells only differ in the graphite negative electrode (pristine vs. surface-modified), the higher performance of the latter must be attributed to the beneficial effects of the surface-attached VC derivative. This feature will be discussed later. One interesting observation in Fig. 5a and b is that the cell fabricated with 2 wt % VC addition into the standard electrolyte (full-cell (iii)) shows much poorer performance compared to full-cell (i) (VC-free electrolyte), reflecting that adding VC into the graphite/LNMO full-cell has adverse effects. The beneficial effect of VC on graphite negative electrode by forming an effective SEI layer is well known, and it is also verified in this work for half-cells (Fig. 4). Hence, the adverse effect of VC addition on the full-cells must be attributed to the interaction of VC with the LNMO positive electrode. To confirm this, VC is added into the Li/LNMO half-cells. As shown in Fig. 5c, the cell performance becomes poorer with an increase in the VC addition, eloquently demonstrating the harmful effects of VC on the LNMO electrodes. It is likely that, even if VC is electrochemically oxidized on the LNMO electrode, the decomposition products do not form a passivating layer on the LNMO surface. As a result, the oxidative decomposition of VC continues, leading to the poorer Coulombic efficiency of Li/LNMO half-cells with an increase in VC addition into the electrolyte. The worst performance observed with full-cell (iii) in terms of Coulombic efficiency and capacity retention can also be explained on the basis of the adverse effects of VC on the LNMO positive electrode.
Results and discussion.It is a common observation that acids are generated as a result of electrolyte oxidation . The acid generation is expected to be more severe from oxidation of VC compared to that of standard electrolyte, because VC has a lower oxidation potential than EC and therefore more vulnerable to oxidation . To confirm this, two electrolyte solutions (standard electrolyte with and without 2 wt % VC) were oxidized on a Pt electrode at 4.9 V, and acid concentration was analyzed. The acid concentration was 114 ppm from the 2 wt % VC-added electrolyte, whereas it was only 44 ppm from the standard electrolyte (VC-free). Clearly, VC produces more acids by oxidative decomposition than the standard electrolyte. Meanwhile, it is known that the as-generated acids can attack positive electrodes to dissolve transitional metals, and the dissolved metal ions are electroplated onto the negative electrode. Accordingly, we analyzed the concentration of transition metals (Ni and Mn) deposited on the graphite electrode in the graphite/LNMO full-cells. As seen in Fig. 6 , the metal plating is much more significant in full-cell (iii) than in full-cell (i). The increased metal plating implies more dissolved metal in the VC-added electrolyte, which in turn is due to the more acid generated from the oxidative decomposition of VC. The increased metal plating in full-cell (iii) can account for its poorest performance among the full-cells, which is shown in Fig. 5a and b. As reported earlier [12,14,15,31], SEI layers on graphite electrodes are destroyed by metal plating. Electrolyte decomposes on the newly plated metal surface by taking Li+ ions and electrons from the positive electrode. Consequently, the Coulombic efficiency is far below 100% due to the parasitic reaction (Fig. 5a), and the capacity decays due to continued irreversible consumption of Li+ and electrons for the reductive decomposition of electrolyte (Fig. 5b).
Results and discussion.The result in Fig. 6 illustrates that metal (Ni and Mn) plating is less serious on the surface of modified graphite electrode compared to on the pristine one. Given that the only difference between the two full-cells is the graphite negative electrode, one can assume two conclusions. Firstly, the less serious metal plating in full-cells (i) and (ii) compared to (iii) illustrates that the acid generation by the decomposition of standard electrolyte is less serious in the first two. Secondly, the acid generation should be similar between full-cells (i) and (ii) because they both use the standard electrolyte. However, the metal plating is less on the surface-modified graphite. This signifies the difference in passivating ability between the SEI layers derived from the standard electrolyte and from the surface-attached VC. The latter probably has higher passivating ability to discourage parasitic electrochemical reaction (metal plating), even if Mn2+ concentration is assumed to be the same in the electrolyte solutions. The less serious metal plating on the surface-modified graphite can explain the higher performance of full-cell (ii) over (i) (Fig. 5a and b). As proposed above, the SEI damage by metal plating is less serious on the surface-modified graphite, such that the irreversible consumption of Li+ ions and electrons by electrolyte decomposition is reduced.
Results and discussion.The half-cell (Fig. 4) and full-cell (Fig. 5a and b) performance data consistently illustrate that the VC derivative on the surface-modified graphite acts as an SEI former and imparts better passivating ability. The VC derivative is confined on the graphite surface and does not crossover to the LNMO positive electrode. Otherwise, it will decompose on the LNMO surface with a series of harmful effects on the full-cells, as discussed earlier. The absence of VC crossover is ascertained by the XPS data shown in Fig. 7 . For the full-cell (i) after cycling, the C 1s and O 1s XPS data for the LNMO electrodes reveal the presence of surface film derived from the standard electrolyte, because many carbon species in addition to PVdF are detected in the C 1s spectra, and oxygen species in addition to the lattice oxygen of LNMO are detected in the O 1s spectra. On the LNMO electrode cycled in the VC-added electrolyte (full-cell (iii)), however, the relative ratios of these C and O species are quite different. In both C 1s and O 1s spectra, the populations of oxidized carbon species (C=O and C-O) are significantly higher for full-cell (iii) than full-cell (i). Furthermore, there are much fewer O 1s photoelectrons emitted from the LNMO lattice oxygens (at 530.3 eV) in the latter sample, clearly illustrating that a thicker surface film is deposited on the LNMO electrode in this case, which must come from the oxidative decomposition of VC as discussed above. The heavy deposition of surface film on the LNMO electrode for full-cell (iii) is further supported by the much weaker intensity for Mn 2p and Ni 2p photoelectrons.
Results and discussion.Meanwhile, the C 1s and O 1s spectra obtained from the LNMO electrode from full-cell (ii) are very close to those from full-cell (i), implying that the two surface films are similar in chemical composition and thickness. Note that the O 1s peak for lattice oxygen has comparable intensity for the two samples, signifying their comparable film thicknesses. Furthermore, the intensity for Mn 2p and Ni 2p peaks is also comparable for the two samples (full-cell (i) and full-cell (ii)). This observation confirms that VC derivative on the graphite surface does not move to the LNMO electrode, so that the film composition and thickness are not affected.
Conclusions.Vinylene carbonate (VC) derivative was attached on graphite surface, and its role as an SEI former has been studied. The following conclusions can be drawn. (a) VC derivative that is linked by APS moiety to graphite surface was prepared by using two consecutive MLD processes. The linked VC derivative still carries C=C double bonds. Uniform coverage of the VC/APS derivatives was confirmed by TEM and EDS mapping. (b) The VC derivative on the graphite is reductively decomposed to generate SEI layer, just like free VC in the electrolyte solution. (c) VC in the electrolyte solution is electrochemically oxidized on the LNMO electrode to produce acids. The acid generation increases by adding 2 wt % VC into the standard electrolyte, and the acids cause more significant metal dissolution from the LNMO electrode and metal plating on the graphite negative electrode. Therefore, the graphite/LNMO full-cell cycled in the VC-added electrolyte shows poorer cell performance compared to that cycled in the VC-free electrolyte. (d) In contrast to (c), the surface-attached VC does not move to the LNMO positive electrode, thereby avoiding the associated adverse effects. The graphite/LNMO full-cell fabricated with the VC-attached graphite outperforms the cell fabricated with the pristine graphite in terms of capacity retention and Coulombic efficiency.
Introduction.Electrochemical devices, including fuel cells and batteries, are playing an increasing role in our live, particularly as societies shift toward renewable energies and low-carbon economy. In order to satisfy the rising demand for affordable and reliable lithium-ion batteries for mobile and stationary energy storage applications, the development of high energy density active materials becomes a priority. Amongst cathode candidates, the spinel material LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4 is especially attractive owing to its high operating cell voltage (4.7 vs Li/Li+) [1–6]. However, in order to accelerate its introduction across a range of applications, an improved understanding of the material's bulk and interfacial properties is required. Indeed, the impact of the interfacial kinetics on the performance of electrochemical devices has been widely demonstrated, particularly by investigating the exchange current which is crucial for optimizing and modeling battery performances [7–9]. While particle size reduction, which is in general accompanied by an increase of surface area, reduces the current density necessary to charge or discharge the particle at a given C-rate and lowers the interfacial over-potential required to drive the electrochemical charge-transfer reaction, there is, however, a possibility of intensifying parasitic reactions, particularly in the case of the high voltage spinel.
Introduction.It is worth mentioning that atomic-level migration of transition metals ions had been observed during the cycling of the spinel LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4 cathode , leading to the dissolution of Ni- and Mn-ions and building-up of the charge transfer impedance, which significantly contributes to the rapid deterioration of the battery performances . Therefore, it is essential to get a deeper understanding of the interfacial properties of the spinel LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4. The charge-discharge behavior of LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4, having both the ordered and disordered spinel structures, had been investigated by several research groups [2–6]. However, there are discrepancies with regard to the suitability of the disordered or ordered spinel for better battery performance [4–6]. It is also not clearly understood whether the rate performance of the material is limited by bulk transport properties or interfacial charge transfer reaction kinetics.
Introduction.A few studies reported Butler-Volmer's exchange current density values for some anode [11–15] and cathode [16–20] materials, wherein the current density is given by the following equation : (1) J = J 0 ( e α F R T η − e ( 1 − α ) F R T η )
Introduction.J is the current density; Jo is the exchange current density which is an intrinsic property of materials that encompasses structure and composition effects at the solid/electrolyte interface; α is the transfer coefficient (typically 0.5); F is the Faraday's constant (96485 Jmol−1); R is the universal gas constant (8.314 Jmol−1K−1); T is temperature; and η is the over-potential. Exchange current density data of some anodes and cathodes are summarized in Table 1 . The measurements had been performed on composite electrodes by electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) , galvanostatic intermittent titration (GITT) , cyclic voltammetry (CV) and potentiostatic intermittent titration technique (PITT) . The variability in the reported exchange current data likely originates from the poorly defined electrode-electrolyte interfacial area due to the composite nature of the studied electrodes. Indeed, several parameters, such as the amount of inactive materials (carbon additive and binder) and degree of mixing during the preparation of composite electrodes, can influence the consistency of measurements and thus make it difficult to extract reliable intrinsic exchange current density of electrochemically active materials.
Introduction.The purpose of the present work is to elucidate the role of the electrochemical charge transfer kinetics at the electrode/electrolyte interface of Li1-xNi0.5Mn1.5O4 in determining the rate performance of the spinel cathode. Of significance, a study detailing the results of measurements of exchange current density and ion diffusivity is reported on additive-free sintered Li1-xNi0.5Mn1.5O4 pellets having the ordered and disordered spinel structure in order to exclude any extrinsic effect.
Preparation of LiNi.Spinel LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4 powder was acquired from NEI Corporation. The phase purity of the supplied powder was checked by x-ray diffraction. Compacted pellets were prepared by pressing the powder at 340 MPa for 60s, forming cylindrical samples of 14 mm in diameter. The pellets were sintered using two heat treatment procedures to obtain the ordered and disordered LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4. In the case of the disordered spinel (labeled D-LNMO), the pellets were heated in air at 1000 °C for 24 h and subsequently annealed at 725 °C for 12 h with heating and cooling rates of 10 °C/min (procedure 1); whereas in the case of the ordered spinel (labeled O-LNMO), the pellets were calcined at 1000 °C for 24 h followed by annealing at 650 °C for 48 h and cooling at 1 °C/min, all under argon:oxygen (1:1) atmosphere (procedure 2). The relative density was measured using analytical balance (KERN ABT-A01) according to Archimedes principle. The prepared pellets had relative densities in the range of 80–85%. Higher temperatures sintering was tried to achieve higher densities, however, the final pellets contained rock-salt impurity phases.
Preparation of LiNi.The sintered pellets were characterized by x-ray diffraction, Raman spectroscopy and electrochemical charge to distinguish between LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4 in the ordered and disordered forms. Details on characterization and analysis are provided in part 1 of this work . Scanning electron microscopy (SEM) analysis was performed on the sintered polished pellets using the machine (FEI/Philips XL30ESEM).
Electrochemical delithiation.The sintered pellets of LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4 were polished to thicknesses between 0.20 mm and 0.24 mm. One side of the polished pellets was coated with a thin layer of carbon to ensure good electrical contact with the metal current collectors in the cells. The delithiation process was performed in a Swagelok-type electrochemical cell using lithium metal foil as the counter electrode, the pellet of LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4 as the working electrode, and a liquid electrolyte comprised of 1 M LiPF6 dissolved in ethylene carbonate/diethyl carbonate (EC/DEC) (1:1 v/v). A Celgard separator was used to separate the electrodes. After assembly, the cells were kept for 5 h under open circuit conditions, then a charging current equivalent to C/200 rate was applied using Solartron battery cycler (1470E). The current was applied for 2-h to certain state of charge followed by a 3-h rest to reach the steady state cell voltage, and the procedure was repeated stepwise to cover all states of charge. During these galvanostatic titrations, a lithium concentration gradient is developed across the samples. As a result, a cell voltage polarization occurs followed by a relaxation of the cell voltage (depolarization) which develops with time. The ionic diffusivity is then calculated as the derivative of the cell voltage during depolarization vs. time. The diffusion length is considered to the half of the pellet thickness.
Electrochemical impedance spectroscopy measurements.The cells were charged at the C/200 rate for 2 h to reach certain state of charge (i.e. 1% delithiation), and then they were allowed to rest for 3 h leading to a steady state at open circuit voltage (OCV) condition with less than 2 mV/h voltage decay at the end of the time interval. Thereafter, electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) measurement was performed in the frequency range of 2 MHz to 5 mHz using a sinusoidal voltage amplitude of 10 mV. The obtained EIS spectra were fitted using an equivalent circuit model built in ZView software. Numerical values were extracted from the EIS data using a complex non-linear least-squares regression analysis.
Results and discussion.Fig. 1 a shows the XRD patterns of the as-received LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4 powder and the pellets prepared according to procedures 1 and 2 (cf. experimental part). The x-ray patterns are consistent with the spinel structure [1–6]. However, it was not initially possible to distinguish between the ordered spinel (O-LNMO, P4332) and the disordered spinel (D-LNMO, F d 3 ¯ m ) polymorphs due to similar x-ray scattering factors of nickel and manganese. However, the order/disorder assignment was done on the basis of the cubic lattice parameter which was found to be a slightly smaller (8.178 Å) for the ordered phase compared to that (8.188 Å) of the disordered phase because of the presence of the larger Mn3+ ions in the disordered spinel. The presence of Mn3+ ions in the disordered spinel was also responsible for the voltage plateau observed at 4.0 V during the charge of the material. As described in part I , we used the Raman spectroscopy due of its sensitivity to crystal symmetry in order to distinguish between the two phases in the spinel polymorphs. Fig. 1b displays the SEM micrograph of the ordered and disordered LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4 spinel after sintering at 1000 °C. It can be seen that the particles were well sintered and produced around 2 μm size grains with negligible open porosity and no distinction between the ordered and disordered LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4.
Results and discussion.Two mechanisms by which the high temperature sintering leads to formation of the disordered phase had been proposed, i.e. oxygen deficiency (LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4-δ) or nickel deficiency (LiNi0.5-x Mn1.5+x O4). The latter results in formation of rock salt impurities as found by other authors . Since the XRD patterns did not reveal any sign of impurities so we can suggest with confidence that the heat treatment of LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4 at 1000 °C in air resulted in oxygen deficiencies leading to the formation of the disordered spinel phase LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4-δ (D-LNMO) rather than to the nickel deficient material LiNi0.5-x Mn1.5+x O4.
Results and discussion.The first 120 h of the GITT plots, obtained during the step-by-step delithiation of the ordered and disordered LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4, are displayed in Fig. 2 a and b. In every step, the cells were subjected to the C/200 current rate for 2 h, followed by a rest for 3 h to achieve the steady state at the open circuit cell voltages. During this galvanostatic titration, a lithium concentration gradient is developed across the samples. As a result, a cell voltage polarization occurs during the application of current, and a cell voltage depolarization occurs during the interruption of current. The cells which contained the ordered LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4 had consistent polarization voltages of approximately 25 mV on application of the current (Fig. 2a). However, the cells that were made of the disordered LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4 phase initially exhibited low polarization voltages followed by higher ones during the progressive charge at the 4.0 V plateau (Fig. 2b). Thereafter, the cell polarization stabilized around 15 mV when the delithiation rates continued over the 4.7 V plateau (Fig. 2b). The reason for such a behavior is not fully understood, however, similar polarization behavior was observed at 4 V plateau regime during the charge-discharge cycling of the disordered spinel . It should be mentioned that the electronic conductivity exhibits a minimum value at the point of transition from 4 V to 4.7 V charge plateaus of the disordered LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4 . The low electronic conductivity might be one of the reasons for such a behavior at 4 V plateau regime.
Results and discussion.The delithiation beyond 60% generates micro-crack in the sintered thin pellets of LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4, which exposes more surface area and reduces diffusion lengths. This may lead to erroneous results in the exchanges current density as well as in lithium ion diffusivity. Therefore, we limited the delithiation up to 60% in the present investigation.
Results and discussion.Fig. 3 shows selected EIS spectra recorded for the ordered (Fig. 3a) and disordered (Fig. 3b and c) spinel phases for different lithium concentrations. The cells were held at the open-circuit voltages for 3 h with a voltage decay rate of 2 mV/h at the end of the rest interval. Under these OCV conditions, the material's voltage lies between the oxidation and reduction states where small bias potentials during the EIS measurements can induce slight lithiation and delithiation. Whether ordered or disordered, the Nyquist plots of LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4 consists of the following features: 1) a high frequency intercept due to the ionic resistance of the electrolyte solution along with a minor contribution of the solid electrolyte interphase (SEI); 2) a first semi-circle at the medium-high frequencies which is a priori due to the electronic conductivity of the material; 3) a second semi-circle at the medium-low frequencies which is a priori due to the charge transfer reaction at the electrode-electrolyte interface; and 4) a Warburg response at the lower frequencies part of the plots.
Results and discussion.In the case of the ordered LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4 phase, the resistances of the semi-circles observed in the medium frequency regime decreased upon increasing the degree of delithiation to x = ∼0.25 (Figs. 3a and 4 a). Upon further delithiation, the resistance associated with the second semi-circle slightly decreased for the whole range of charge, whereas, the resistance associated with the first semi-circle had a slight drop around x = 0.25, and then slightly increased when x exceeded 0.25 (Fig. 4a). In the case of the disordered LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4 phase, the resistances of both semi-circles initially increased to maximal values upon charge to the 4 V plateau, and then decreased in quite similar trends as the ordered phase, except the resistance of the first semi-circle which continued its gradual decrease (Fig. 4b).
Results and discussion.The equivalent circuit model used to fit the EIS data comprises eight circuit elements and is presented in Fig. 3d. L1 represents the induction of cell components and wire; R1 is the high frequency resistance which represents the ohmic transport losses in the electrolyte; R2 is the resistance associated with the first depressed semi-circle which represents the electronic resistance of the LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4 pellets since there was no carbon additive used; R3 is the resistance associated with the second depressed semi-circle which represents the charge transfer reaction at the electrode/electrolyte interface. In our case, the semi-circles were fitted using parallel RC-circuits comprising the resistances R2 and R3 and constant phase elements CPE1 and CPE2 (Fig. 3d). CPE's are often used in models instead of capacitors in order to take the inhomogeneity of the electrode components into account.
Results and discussion.To show the evidence that can help distinguish between bulk and charge transfer resistance processes we examined the capacitance value which is much lower for bulk resistance than for interfacial resistance . The capacitance (C) values were calculated from the fitting parameters Q and n according to the equation C = (R 1−n Q)1/n , where Q (CPE-T) is the constant phase element and n (CPE-P) is a measure of the degree of depression of an arc (n is in the range of 0.80–0.90 depending upon the degree of delithiation). The average percentage error between experimental and simulated data was 3.3%. The obtained capacitance values are in the range of 1 × 10−11-5x10−11 F and 1 × 10−6 F-5x10−7 F for first and second semicircles, respectively. Another criterion is the frequency range where the semi-circle appears. It has also been shown that the surface electron transfer process is initiated at lower frequency regime (usually below ∼100Hz) . In our case, we observed the second semi-circle around 10-5Hz (Fig. 3). These two evidences had led us to assign the impedance responses associated with the first and second semicircles belong to (1) the electronic conductivity resistance of LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4 bulk and (2) the charge transfer resistance at the electrode interface, respectively . The lowest frequency spike is followed by a ∼45° line which is characteristic of lithium diffusion in bulk LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4, and often modeled using a Warburg circuit element (Fig. 3d).
Results and discussion.The resistances R1, R2 and R3 are displayed as a function of the state of charge (SOC) of the ordered and disordered LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4 spinel, respectively (Fig. 4a and b). R1 values are constant regardless of the material and state of delithiation, which is in line with the ionic resistivity of the used electrolyte along with a minor contribution of the SEI layer. The electronic conductivity of the bulk pellets represented by the trend of R2 vs. SOC has been extensively discussed in part I . In the case of the ordered LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4 phase, the interfacial charge transfer resistance R3 considerably decreased down to x = 0.2, and then remained quite constant with further delithiation (Fig. 4a). The fast drop in the interfacial charge transfer resistance R3 is correlated with the increase of the electronic conductivity due to the mixed valence state Ni2+/Ni3+ created in the ordered LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4 upon the start of charge (see part I, ). In the case of the disordered LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4, R3 initially increased due to the conversion of Mn3+ to Mn4+ during the removal of lithium ions in the 4 V-plateau region, and reached a maximum value around x = 0.04 and then dropped in a similar trend when compared to the ordered phase (Fig. 4b). It appears that the material's electronic conductivity plays a major role in the interfacial charge transfer process.
Results and discussion.The exchange current density values, J 0 , were obtained from the linearized Butler-Volmer equation : (2) J 0 = R T n F A R 3
Results and discussion.The charge transfer reaction is approximated as a one-electron process (n = 1), and the surface areas (A) for the ordered and disordered spinel materials are 0.225 cm2 and 0.205 cm2, respectively. The obtained Jo values are plotted as a function of lithium concentration for the ordered and disordered Li1-xNi0.5Mn1.5O4 materials (Fig. 5 ). In the case of the disordered Li1-xNi0.5Mn1.5O4 materials, the exchange current density slightly decreased initially (see inset in Fig. 5) due to the increase of resistivity as shown in Fig. 4b, then increased monotonously up to x = ∼0.40, and thereafter leveled up with further delithiation. In contrast, Jo values of the ordered phase monotonously increased throughout the range of the measured states of charge (x = 0.01 to 0.60). The obtained data could not be referenced as there is no available reports on the exchange current density of Li1-xNi0.5Mn1.5O4 in the literature. However, the reported exchange current density results, measured at 0 and 100% SOC, varied largely from 0.025 to 6.2 mA/cm2 for LiCoO2 , and from 0.25 to 23.6 mA/cm2 for LiNi1/3Co1/3Mn1/3O2 . Recently, Heubner et al. observed a similar trend of the exchange current density of LiCoO2 as a function of lithium concentration by the GITT technique.
Results and discussion.The lithium ion diffusivity for ordered and disordered Li1-xNi0.5Mn1.5O4 phases is plotted in Fig. 6 b as a function of lithium content at room temperature. The results are obtained by fitting the relaxation of the cell voltage during the depolarization process (see Fig. 2) using Equation (3) [27–29]: (3) ln ( U ( t ) − U ( t = ∞ ) ) = l n A + 8 π 2 t τ
Results and discussion.A is the constant term for a particular material, U(t) and U(t=∞) are the cell voltage at times t and t(∞). The slope of the plot, ln ( U ( t ) − U ( t = ∞ ) ) vs. t, provides the relaxation time, τ. Details on this the equation and its use can be found in these references [29–31].
Results and discussion.As explained above in Fig. 2, the origin of the depolarization is due to the development of a lithium concentration gradient across the sample during GITT experiments. Indeed, after each delithiation step, the cell was allowed to relax under the OCV condition leading to steady state cell voltage. As an example, the depolarization cell voltage can be well fitted with Eq. (3) (Fig. 6a). The lithium diffusivity results do not have similar trends although the disordered phase exhibited higher diffusivity values throughout the range of the measured states of charge in comparison with the ordered phase (Fig. 6b). In the ordered spinel phase, the Mn-ions are regularly distributed, whereas in the disordered phase, the Mn-ions are randomly distributed and compensated by oxygen vacancies. Therefore, the lithium ions repulsive interactions in the ordered phase are likely more pronounced than in the disordered phase, which can lead to favorable lithium diffusivity, and hence can explain the higher diffusivity values for the disordered phase.
Results and discussion.It is worth noting that the literature diffusivity results significantly differ because most of the measurements were performed on composite electrodes and rarely on additive-free sintered pellets. Indeed, the reported ionic diffusivity data on Li1-xNi0.5Mn1.5O4 measured on composite electrodes by PITT and GITT techniques scattered over several orders of magnitude (10−9-10−16 cm2/s), which is caused by the differences in the preparation of the composite electrodes (i.e. the degree of mixing between the active spinel and conductive carbon) and uncertainties in particle diffusion lengths and determination of the relaxation process [32–38]. In our case, the ionic diffusivity was found to be in the higher value range compared to literature (Table 2 ). This could be due to the incomplete compactness of the sintered pellets (only 80–85% dense). However, the compactness effect can only lead to a few factors of variation in the ionic diffusivity instead of orders of magnitude as the pellets had negligible open porosities (See Fig. 1). In addition, the electrochemically-induced fractures can create micro-cracks that can be filled with electrolyte, and then provide faster transport paths explaining the finding on the higher ionic diffusivity . A summary of the diffusivity data from the present work are compared with the literature data in Table 2.
Results and discussion.The implication of exchange current density results for Li1-xNi0.5Mn1.5O4 is further exploited. For instance, the current density “J” required to charge or discharge an isolated spherical particle of diameter d, density ρ, specific capacity c, and charge or discharge rate C is given by Equation (4) : (4) j ≈ ( c ∗ ρ ) ∗ d 6 ∗ C
Results and discussion.The product (c ∗ ρ) in Eq. (4) contains the material parameters. The effect of the molar volume change upon delithiation is negligible for the LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4 spinel. Here, the crystal density ( ρ =4.45 g/cc) and theoretical capacity (c = 148 mAh/g) are used. The exchange current density for electrode materials is related to the value of the kinetic overpotential (η), which is given by Equation (5) for small overpotentials η : (5) η ≈ ( R T F ) ( j j o )
Results and discussion.Fig. 7 shows the plot of the kinetics overpotential as a function of particle diameters (up to 20 μm) at the 1C-rate using J o values extracted from Fig. 5 at the states of charge (x = 0.01 and 0.60) for ordered and disordered spinel phases. For the ordered LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4 phase, the overpotential for particles of 6 μm diameter are 2.6 mV and 77.4 mV for x = 0.60 and x = 0.01, respectively. For the disordered phase with the same particle size, the overpotentials are 2.5 mV and 26 mV, respectively. This comparison reveals that the electrochemical performance of LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4 is likely to be limited by interfacial kinetics during the beginning of charge, while at the higher states of charge the electrode performance might be limited by ionic diffusion under similar operating conditions. It is also worth noting that the lithium ionic diffusivity in LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4 is more than four orders of magnitude lower than its electronic conductivity . Therefore, we could reasonably assume that diffusion is the rate limiting factor rather than either electronic conductivity or interfacial kinetics at higher states of charge.
Conclusions.The exchange current density was measured at the electrolyte/electrode interface of the ordered and disordered LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4 spinel in the form of additive free sintered dense pellets. The 60% state of charge regime was used to avoid micro cracks during the partial electrochemical delithiation. The exchange current density, Jo, was found to be (∼0.21–6.5 mA/cm2) for the ordered phase and (0.65–6.8 mA/cm2) for the disordered phase within the studied lithium concentration window. On delithiation, the ordered LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4 phase exhibits a linear increase of Jo values, while the disordered phase initially exhibits a slight decrease in the beginning of the charge and then a continuous increase thereafter. From the magnitude of the exchange current density and ionic diffusivity across the measured range of lithium concentration, it can be concluded that electrochemical performance of LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4 spinel is limited by Li+-ion diffusivity in the higher states of charge while interfacial charge transfer kinetics are the limiting factor in the lower states of charge. Nonetheless ionic diffusivity and exchange current density are high enough to allow the charging and discharging of micron size particles of LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4 under practical C-rates.
Introduction.Nanostructured tin oxide materials, including rutile-type SnO2 and tetragonal SnO, have been widely investigated for applications such as energy storage, gas sensors, photocatalysts, etc [1–34]. Morphology-controlled tin oxide materials have been successfully applied as anode materials for lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) because of their high theoretical capacities, which exceed that of graphite materials (372 mA h g−1) [1–30]. A plethora of nanostructured SnO2 materials for application in LIBs have been synthesized [1–25]. However, nanostructured SnO materials with a lower initial irreversible capacity than SnO2 materials that form two Li2O molecules upon full lithiation have scarcely been reported as anode materials [26–30]. Generally, it is easier to synthesize the thermodynamically stable SnO2 phase than the metastable SnO phase.
Introduction.Shin and Song synthesized Sn-decorated SnO nano-branches with a reversible capacity retention of as high as 502 mA h g−1 and a rate capability of 455 mA h g−1 at a current density of 2.0 A g−1 after 50 cycles . Aurbach et al. synthesized nanoparticles of SnO by a sonochemical method using mildly basic SnCl2 solution . The nanocrystalline SnO was found to be much more effective as an active material for electrodes than the amorphous phase . Hu et al. synthesized SnO nanoplatelets via reducing atmosphere flame spray pyrolysis, using stannous octoate ethanol solution as a precursor . The SnO nanoplatelets exhibited a capacity of 330 mA h g−1 after 40 cycles at a constant current of 100 mA g−1, which was 35% of the initial reversible charge capacity . However, the reversible capacities and long-term cycling performance of the nanostructured SnO materials should be further improved for application as anode materials for LIBs.
Introduction.In this study, hierarchical-structured SnO-SnO2 composite powders and SnO nanoplates are prepared by one-pot spray pyrolysis under reducing atmosphere. Dicyandiamide (DCDA) additive dissolved in the spray solution plays a key role in the preparation of the hierarchical-structured SnO-SnO2 composite powder and SnO nanoplates by enhancing the reducing atmosphere inside the powder. The electrochemical properties of the hierarchical-structured SnO-SnO2 composite powder and SnO nanoplates for lithium-ion storage are compared to those of dense-structured SnO2 powders prepared via the same process.
Experimental.Sample Preparation: Tin oxide powders with various morphologies and crystal structures were prepared by one-pot spray pyrolysis using a spray solution of tin oxalate. Dicyandiamide (DCDA) was applied as an additive to control the morphologies and crystal structures of the tin oxide powders. A schematic diagram of the spray pyrolysis system applied in this study is shown in Fig. S1. A large number of droplets were generated using a 1.7 MHz ultrasonic spray generator consisting of six vibrators. The droplets were carried to a quartz reactor (length = 1200 mm, diameter = 50 mm) by carrier gas at a flow rate of 5 L min−1. The temperature of the spray pyrolysis system was varied from 700 to 900 °C. The spray solution was prepared by dissolving tin oxalate [SnC2O4, 98%, Sigma-Aldrich] and DCDA [C2H4N4, 99%, Sigma-Aldrich] in distilled water. The concentration of tin oxalate was fixed at 0.2 M. The concentration of DCDA was varied from 0 to 0.4 M.
Experimental.Characterization Techniques: The microstructures of the prepared samples were observed using field emission scanning electron microscopy (FE-SEM; Hitachi, S-4800) and field emission transmission electron microscopy (FE-TEM; JEOL, JEM-2100F). In addition, the crystal structures of the samples were evaluated via X-ray diffraction (XRD; X'Pert PRO MPD) using Cu-Kα radiation (λ = 1.5418 Å); the data were acquired at the Korea Basic Science Institute (Daegu). X-Ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS; Thermo Scientific K-Alpha) with focused monochromatic Al-Kα radiation at 12 kV and 20 mA was used to determine the compositions of the specimens. The surface areas of the powders were determined using the Brunauer–Emmett–Teller (BET) method with N2 as the adsorbate gas. Thermogravimetric analysis (TGA) was performed with a Pyris 1 TGA instrument (Perkin Elmer, temperature range = 25–800 °C, heating rate = 10 °C min−1, static air atmosphere).
Experimental.Electrochemical Measurements: The electrochemical properties of the prepared samples were analyzed by constructing 2032-type coin cells. The anode was prepared by mixing the active material, carbon black, and sodium carboxymethyl cellulose (CMC) in a weight ratio of 7:2:1. Li metal and microporous polypropylene film were used as the counter electrode and the separator, respectively. The electrolyte was 1 M LiPF6 dissolved in a mixture of fluoroethylene carbonate and dimethyl carbonate (FEC/DMC; 1:1 v/v). The discharge/charge characteristics of the samples were investigated by cycling over a potential range of 0.001–3 V at various current densities. Cyclic voltammograms were acquired at a scan rate of 0.1 mV s−1. The negative electrode containing the powders had dimensions of 1 cm × 1 cm with a mass loading of approximately 1.2 mg cm−2. The electrochemical impedance over a frequency range of 0.01 Hz–100 kHz was also measured via electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS). The Nyquist impedance plots were obtained in a fully charged state.
Results and discussion.The mechanism of formation of the hierarchical-structured SnO-SnO2 composite powder and SnO nanoplates during one-pot spray pyrolysis is shown in Scheme 1 . Under 10% H2/Ar reducing atmosphere, drying and decomposition of the droplets containing tin oxalate and DCDA produced powders with various morphologies and compositions depending on the preparation temperatures. Composite microsphere of tin oxalate and DCDA with a completely spherical shape was formed in the front part of the reactor upon drying of the droplet (Scheme 1-①). Rutile-type SnO2 was firstly formed by decomposition of tin oxalate. Partial reduction of SnO2 produced the tetragonal SnO nanocrystals by preferential anisotropic growth into nanoplates (Scheme 1-②). NH3 gas formed by decomposition of DCDA improved the reducing atmosphere around and inside the microsphere. Growth of the SnO nanoplates by consumption of the SnO2 nanocrystals resulted in the hierarchical-structured SnO-SnO2 composite powder, in which the SnO nanoplates were uniformly trapped in the porous SnO2 nanosphere (Scheme 1-③). Ultrafine Sn liquid nanoclusters were formed by reduction of SnO. Segregation of the Sn nanoclusters generated spherical Sn nanodroplets. The Sn nanodroplets provided a preferential surface site for one-dimensional growth of the SnO2 nanorods at the rear part of the reactor by consumption of the ultrafine SnO2 nanocrystals (Scheme 1-④). The sufficient reduction of SnO2 at the high preparation temperature of 900 °C produced aggregation-free SnO nanoplates (Scheme 1-➄). SnO2 nanorods with a droplet of metallic Sn at the tip, formed by the Ostwald ripening growth mechanism, were observed along with the SnO nanoplates. Consequently, the hierarchical-structured SnO-SnO2 composite powder (denoted as H-SnO/SnO2) and SnO nanoplates with some SnO2 nanorods (denoted as P-SnO/R-SnO2) were prepared by one-pot spray pyrolysis at temperatures of 800 and 900 °C, respectively.
Results and discussion.The mechanism of formation of the hierarchical-structured SnO-SnO2 composite powder and SnO nanoplates by one-pot spray pyrolysis and the effect of DCDA on the formation of the SnO nanoplates were confirmed based on the morphological changes of the powders according to the various preparation conditions. The morphologies and crystal structures of the powders prepared by one-pot spray pyrolysis of the spray solution with tin oxalate and DCDA under 10% H2/Ar atmosphere are shown in Figs. 1 and S2, respectively. The concentration of DCDA dissolved in the spray solution was fixed at 0.4 M. The powders (denoted as D-SnO2-R) prepared at the low temperature of 700 °C had a completely spherical morphology, as shown in the SEM images in Fig. 1(a) and (b). However, the powders prepared at 800 °C (Fig. 1(c) and (d)) had a hierarchical structure resembling star-fruit due to the growth of tetragonal SnO nanoplates. The SnO nanoplates were uniformly aggregated in the nanosphere, as confirmed by the high resolution SEM image shown in Fig. 1(d). The XRD patterns shown in Fig. S1 revealed an increase of the intensity of the peaks of the tetragonal SnO phase, accompanied by a decrease of the intensity of the peaks of rutile-type SnO2. Small peaks corresponding to the metallic Sn phase were also observed in the XRD pattern of the powders prepared at the high temperature of 900 °C. Consequently, aggregation-free SnO nanoplates with a small amount of SnO2 nanorods were prepared at the high temperature of 900 °C, as confirmed by the SEM images and XRD pattern shown in Figs. 1(e), (f) and S2, respectively. The conversion of SnO2 into SnO resulted in formation of the aggregation-free SnO nanoplates. In other words, the SnO nanoplates were linked by SnO2 nanocrystals (Fig. 1(c) and (d)).
Results and discussion.The morphologies of the powders prepared by spray pyrolysis of the spray solution of tin oxalate and 0.4 M DCDA under Ar and 5 wt% H2/Ar atmospheres at 800 °C are shown in Fig. S3. The powders prepared under Ar atmosphere had a completely spherical shape and dense structure as shown in the SEM images in Fig. S3(a) and (b). On the other hand, ultrafine SnO nanoplates were attached to the spherical powders as indicated by the arrows in the SEM images in Fig. S3(c) and (d). The morphologies of the powders prepared by spray pyrolysis of the spray solutions without and with DCDA of various concentrations under 10 wt% H2/Ar atmosphere at 800 °C are shown in Fig. S4. The SnO nanoplates were not well developed in the powders prepared from the spray solution without DCDA, even under 10% H2/Ar atmosphere (Fig. S4(a) and (b)). Increasing the concentration of DCDA dissolved in the spray solution improved the development of the SnO nanoplates in the powders as shown in Fig. S4(c)–(f). Therefore, the evolution of NH3 gas by decomposition of DCDA strongly enhanced the reduction of SnO2 to SnO to facilitate growth of the nanoplates. The morphological characteristics of the powders prepared under various conditions confirmed that formation of the hierarchical structured SnO-SnO2 composite powder and SnO nanoplates by one-pot spray pyrolysis proceeded via the mechanism illustrated in Scheme 1.
Results and discussion.The detailed morphologies of the hierarchical-structured SnO-SnO2 composite powders prepared by spray pyrolysis of the solution containing tin oxalate and 0.4 M DCDA under 10% H2/Ar atmosphere at 800 °C are shown in Fig. 2 . The low resolution TEM images revealed clear aggregation of the SnO nanoplates in the SnO2 nanosphere. The TEM image in Fig. 2(b) shows aggregation of several tens of SnO nanoplates in one particle of the SnO-SnO2 composite powder. The high resolution TEM images shown in Fig. 2(c) revealed clear lattice fringes separated by 0.27 nm, which correspond to the (110) crystal plane of the SnO phase . The select area electron diffraction (SAED) pattern observed for the center region (part 1 in Fig. 2(b)) of the composite powder shown in Fig. 2(d) also confirmed the formation of a mixed crystal structure comprising the SnO and SnO2 phases. However, the SAED pattern observed for the nanoplate region (part 2 in Fig. 2(b)) of the composite powder shown in Fig. 2(e) confirmed the formation of single-crystalline SnO nanoplate.
Results and discussion.The detailed morphologies of the SnO nanoplates prepared by spray pyrolysis of the solution containing tin oxalate and 0.4 M DCDA under 10% H2/Ar atmosphere at 900 °C are shown in Fig. 3 . The low-resolution TEM images shown in Fig. 3(a) and (b) revealed aggregation-free SnO nanoplates. Some nanorods with spherical particles at their tips, formed by oriented crystal growth, were also observed in the low-resolution TEM image. Most of the nanorods were straight with lengths of several micrometers. The crystal phase of these SnO nanoplate (part 1 in Fig. 3(b)) was investigated using HR-TEM imaging combined with a fast Fourier transform (FFT) analysis technique (Fig. 3(c)) and by SAED analysis (Fig. S5(a)). The d-spacing of the (101) plane was 0.30 nm (Fig. 3(c)), and the FFT pattern shown in the inset confirmed the formation of nanoplates with the tetragonal SnO crystal structure . The high-resolution TEM image of the nanorod (part 2 in Fig. 3(b)) shown in Fig. 3(d) revealed clear lattice fringes separated by 0.26 and 0.24 nm, which correspond to the (101) and (200) crystal planes of rutile-type SnO2 phase, respectively . The FFT and SAED patterns shown in Figs. 3(d) and S5(b), respectively, also confirmed the formation of rutile-type SnO2 nanorods. The high-resolution TEM image and the corresponding FFT pattern confirm that the nanorods grew parallel to the  crystal direction. The spherical nanodroplet (part 3 in Fig. 3(b)) at the tip of the nanorod was determined to be metallic Sn based on the high-resolution TEM image and FFT pattern (Fig. 3(e)) and the SAED pattern (Fig. S5(c)). The Sn nanodroplets provided preferential surface sites for absorption of the SnO2 nanoclusters to form the SnO2 nanorods, as illustrated in Scheme 1.
Results and discussion.XPS was used to study the chemical state of the elements in the hierarchical-structured SnO-SnO2 composite powders and SnO nanoplates with the SnO2 nanorods. The Sn 3d3/2 and Sn 3d5/2 peaks shown in Fig. 4 (a) could be deconvoluted into four peaks: the peaks at 486.3 and 494.7 eV were assigned to tetragonal SnO, and the peaks centered at 486.9 and 495.8 eV correspond to rutile-type SnO2 . However, the Sn 3d3/2 and Sn 3d5/2 peaks shown in Fig. 4(b) could be deconvoluted into three peaks each. Clear Sn 3d3/2 and Sn 3d5/2 peaks of the SnO and SnO2 phases were observed in Fig. 4(b). In addition, small peaks corresponding to the metallic Sn phase were observed . The XPS data also confirmed formation of the SnO-SnO2 composite and SnO nanoplates with SnO2 nanorods containing Sn nanodroplets by spray pyrolysis at temperatures of 800 and 900 °C, respectively. The TG curves of the SnO-SnO2 composite and nanoplates with SnO2 nanorods presented in Fig. 4(c) showed a one-step weight increase above 300 °C due to the oxidation of SnO and metallic Sn into SnO2. Complete conversion of SnO to SnO2 occurred during the TG analysis under air atmosphere. Therefore, the SnO content in the hierarchical-structured SnO-SnO2 composite powders, calculated from the TG analysis, was 20%. The Brunauer-Emmett-Teller (BET) surface areas of the SnO-SnO2 composite and SnO nanoplates with the SnO2 nanorods were 36.5 and 5.5 m2 g−1, respectively. The SnO2 nanospheres were transformed to a porous structure during formation of the SnO nanoplates in the reduction process. The N2 adsorption and desorption isotherms of the hierarchical-structured SnO-SnO2 composite powders shown in Fig. 4(d) revealed the hysteresis loop of type-H2 IUPAC (International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry) isotherm classification, resembling the existence of mesopores. The TEM image shown in Fig. 2(b) also confirmed the porous structure of the SnO2 nanospheres as shown in Fig. S6 by arrows. Therefore, the hierarchical SnO-SnO2 composite powders had a high BET surface area.
Results and discussion.For comparative purposes, bare SnO2 powders were prepared by spray pyrolysis of a solution containing tin oxalate under air atmosphere at 800 °C. The XRD pattern and SEM images shown in Fig. S7 revealed the formation of bare SnO2 powders (denoted as D-SnO2-A) with spherical particles having a clean surface. The N2 adsorption and desorption isotherm shown in Fig. S7(d) and the low BET surface area of 1.1 m2 g−1 revealed the dense structure of the bare SnO2 powders. The electrochemical properties of the powders prepared by spray pyrolysis of tin oxalate and 0.4 M DCDA under 10% H2/Ar atmosphere at various temperatures were compared with those of the dense-structured bare SnO2 powders. The cyclic voltammograms (CV) of the four samples in the potential range of 0.001–1.0 V acquired at a scan rate of 0.1 mV s−1 are shown in Fig. 5 . The four samples showed a sharp reduction peak around 0.8 V in the first cathodic sweep due to the conversion of SnO and SnO2 to metallic Sn and formation of Li2O . During the discharging process, a broad reduction peak was observed around 0.25 V due to the lithiation reaction with formation of LixSn [2–4]. The existence of the SnO phase changed the shape of the oxidation peaks in the anodic sweep. The single, broad oxidation peak formed due to the LixSn dealloying reaction changed into several sharp peaks with an increase in the amount of SnO phase in the powders, as shown in Fig. 5(a)–(c). During the charge process, the SnO nanoplates with SnO2 nanorods prepared at 900 °C under reducing atmosphere gave rise to a series of conspicuous oxidation peaks at 0.50, 0.63, 0.73, and 0.80 V, corresponding to delithiation of the Li22Sn5, Li7Sn2, Li7Sn3, and LiSn phases, respectively . Fig. S8 shows the Sn 3d2/5 spectra at fully discharged and charged states for the H-SnO/SnO2 electrode. After the first discharge process, the Sn 3d5/2 peak shown in Fig. S8(a) could be deconvoluted into two peaks: the peaks at 484.5 and 485.7 eV were assigned to metallic Sn and SnO, respectively . The peak of metallic Sn was due to the formation of LiSnx alloy during the discharge process . As shown in Fig. S8(b), after the first charge process, three obvious peaks at 484.5, 485.7, and 486.6 eV are observed, which are attributed to Sn, SnO, and SnO2, respectively . The XPS results clearly indicate that the newly produced metallic Sn and Li2O can react to form tin oxides, when the H-SnO/SnO2 electrode is charged to 1 V . The initial discharge and charge curves of the four samples at a current density of 1 A g−1 are shown in Fig. 6 (a). The discharge curves of the four samples showed a clear plateau around 0.9 V due to the conversion of SnO and SnO2 to metallic Sn and Li2O [6–10]. The hierarchical-structured SnO-SnO2 powders showed the highest initial discharge and charge capacities. The hierarchical structure led to increased initial discharge and charge capacities at the high current density of 1 A g−1 due to an increase of the contact area between the powders and the liquid electrolyte. However, the extensive formation of an irreversible solid electrolyte interface (SEI) layer due to the high contact area of the hierarchical-structured SnO-SnO2 powders with the liquid electrolyte resulted in the lowest initial Coulombic efficiency of 40%. The SnO nanoplates with some SnO2 nanorods had the highest initial Coulombic efficiency of 51% due to the irreversible formation of a small amount of Li2O. The cycling performances at a current density of 1 A g−1 and rate performances of the four samples are shown in Fig. 6(b) and (c), respectively. The first discharge and charge capacities were not shown in Fig. 6(b) and (c). The discharge capacities and rate performances of the hierarchical-structured SnO-SnO2 composite powders and SnO nanoplates with SnO2 nanorods were higher than those of the two SnO2 powders with dense structure. The discharge capacities of the hierarchical-structured SnO-SnO2 composite powders and SnO nanoplates with SnO2 nanorods at a current density of 1 A g−1 for the 300th cycle were 561 and 504 mA h g−1, respectively. The capacity retentions of the H-SnO/SnO2, P-SnO/R-SnO2, D-SnO2-R, and D-SnO2-A powders during the 300 cycles measured from the second cycle were 86, 82, 86, and 78%, respectively. The hierarchical structure and the nanoplates that provided a short diffusion length for the Li-ions resulted in excellent rate performance of the SnO-SnO2 composite powders and SnO nanoplates with SnO2 nanorods. The high electrical conductivity of SnO also improved the rate performance of the powder containing the SnO phase. Notably, the synergetic effect between the electrically conductive SnO phase and the structural advantages provided by the nanoplates resulted in the superior rate performance of the SnO nanoplates with SnO2 nanorods compared to those of the other samples. The SnO nanoplates with SnO2 nanorods and hierarchical-structured SnO-SnO2 powders delivered high reversible discharge capacities of 433 and 379 mA h g−1 at an extremely high current density of 10 A g−1, respectively. The minimized stacking of the thin nanoplates by SnO2 nanorods resulted in the high rate performance of the P-SnO/R-SnO2 powders. However, the dense-structured SnO2 powders delivered a low reversible discharge capacity of 263 mA h g−1 at 10 A g−1 as shown in Fig. 6(c).
Results and discussion.The impedance spectra of the three samples obtained before and after 1 and 50 cycles are shown in Fig. 7 . The Nyquist plots showed compressed semicircles in the medium frequency range of each spectrum, indicating the charge transfer resistances (R ct ) of these electrodes . Before cycling, the hierarchical-structured SnO-SnO2 composite powders containing material with high electrical conductivity and having a high contact area with the liquid electrolyte exhibited lower charge transfer resistance than the SnO nanoplates and dense-structured bare SnO2 powders, as shown in Fig. 7(a). The R ct values of the three samples decreased after the first cycle due to the formation of ultrafine nanocrystals during the initial discharge and charge processes, as shown in Fig. 7(b). The low R ct values of the hierarchical-structured SnO-SnO2 composite were well maintained even after repeated lithium alloying and dealloying reactions (Fig. 7(c)). The high structural stabilities of the hierarchical SnO-SnO2 composite powders with high lithium-ion storage capacities resulted in low R ct values during cycling. The SnO nanoplates with high aspect ratio and porous structure of SnO2 nanospheres improved the structural stability of the hierarchical-structured SnO-SnO2 composite powders during cycling. However, the low lithium-ion storage capacities resulted in lower R ct value of the dense-structured bare SnO2 powders by minimizing the structural destroy during cycling than that of the SnO2 nanoplates after 50 cycles. The hierarchical SnO-SnO2 composite powders with high structural stability during repeated lithium alloying and dealloying reactions showed excellent cycling and rate performance, as shown in Fig. 6.
Conclusions.Hierarchical-structured SnO-SnO2 composite powders and SnO nanoplates with SnO2 nanorods showing excellent lithium-ion storage performances were prepared by one-pot spray pyrolysis of a solution containing tin oxalate and dicyandiamide (DCDA). The preparation temperature, the reducing atmosphere employed for the spray pyrolysis, and the DCDA additive determined the morphologies and crystal structure of the tin oxide powders. The hierarchical-structured SnO-SnO2 composite powders with short lithium diffusion length and structural stability during repeated lithium alloying and dealloying reactions showed superior lithium-ion storage performance compared to that of the dense-structure SnO2 powders prepared by the same process. Especially, the SnO nanoplates with SnO2 nanorods showed excellent rate performance due to minimizing the stacking of nanoplates by nanords. Notably, the synergetic effect of the electrically conductive SnO phase and the structural advantages of the hierarchical structure resulted in excellent cycling and rate performance of the SnO-SnO2 composite powders.
Introduction.High-performance energy storage devices are strongly required in growing industries, such as renewable power generation systems, next-generation vehicles, and consumer electronics. Electrical double-layer capacitors (EDLCs), alternatively named as supercapacitors, exhibit attractive performances of higher power density (1–10 kW kg−1), higher charge–discharge efficiency (>99%), and longer operation life (>105 cycles) , when compared with modern secondary batteries. Application of a voltage between the positive and negative electrodes of an EDLC cell produces two layers of polarized ions, called an electrical double-layer, on the respective electrode . The electrical double-layer consists of the Helmholtz layer, related to the adsorption of ions on the electrode surface, and the diffusion layer, allowing the concentration gradient of ions offshore. The number of adsorption–desorption ions on the electrode determines the charge–discharge capacity of an EDLC. Nanoporous materials with higher surface area are essential for wider double-layer formation, resulting in higher capacitance. Owing to their high specific surface areas (approximately 1000–3000 m2 g−1), low cost, and high chemical stability, activated carbons (ACs) are widely accepted as electrode materials for EDLCs.
Introduction.The ionic motion contributing to double-layer formation is influenced by the AC electrode properties (i.e., pore structure and surface chemistry) and the electrolyte properties (i.e., conductivity, viscosity, and potential window width). Factors affecting the electrolyte properties are the type of cation, anion, and solvent, and their composition [4–6]. Non-aqueous or organic electrolytes, enabling higher withstanding voltage (>2.5 V) and thus higher energy density than conventional aqueous electrolytes, are now the mainstream of modern EDLCs. Quaternary ammonium salts dispersed in a solvent such as propylene carbonate or acetonitrile, e.g., tetraethylammonium tetrafluoroborate/propylene carbonate or acetonitrile (TEA·BF4/PC or AN) and triethylmethylammonium tetrafluoroborate/propylene carbonate or acetonitrile (TEMA·BF4/PC or AN), are typical non-aqueous electrolyte systems . Alternatively, spiro-(1,1′)-bipyrrolidinium tetrafluoroborate/propylene carbonate or acetonitrile (SBP·BF4/PC or AN) systems have been used [8–14]. However, in transportation and high-temperature applications, volatility and flammability due to organic solvents (PC or AN) should be lowered as much as possible to prevent explosive accidents.
Introduction.In recent decades, because of their outstanding merits of non-flammability, non-volatility, and wider potential window, room-temperature ionic liquids (RTILs), which are molten salts at room temperature and consist only of cations and anions, have been a focus of attention as EDLC electrolytes . However, RTILs have several drawbacks, such as higher viscosity, narrower operational temperature range, and higher cost [16–18]. Among the numerous types of RTILs, 1-ethyl-3-methylimidazolium tetrafluoroborate (EMIm·BF4), exhibiting relatively high conductivity and low viscosity, has been extensively studied as an EDLC electrolyte [19–22]. Thus, EMIm·BF4 may be used as a benchmark of RTILs intended for EDLC application. The conductivity of EMIm·BF4 is comparable to those of the above non-aqueous electrolytes, whereas its viscosity is considerably higher . Higher viscosity of the electrolyte, resulting from a strong interactive force between cations and anions, impedes the ionic transportation required for the formation of Helmholtz and diffusion layers. The attenuated ionic motion is manifested as internal resistance when the charge–discharge current density or the cell voltage rate is increased . The voltage allocated to the internal resistance decreases the voltage allocated to the double-layer formation, which is responsible for lowering the energy and power density of EDLC cells.
Introduction.There are some approaches to minimize the impact of the high viscosity of RTILs. One is to broaden the pore size distribution of the AC electrodes by properly incorporating mesopores . The presence of mesopores could shorten the path length for ion transport in micropores, and could alleviate pore blockage in micropores due to the aggregation of ions. However, the introduction of mesopores inevitably decreases the interfacial area between the electrode and electrolyte. Xu et al. reported that activated carbon fiber, 66.7% of the pore volume of which was contributed by small mesopores of 2–5 nm, showed good compatibility with an RTIL electrolyte (a blend of LiN(SO2CF3)2 and 2-oxazolidinone) . A high specific capacitance of >180 F g−1 was achieved from activated carbon fiber with a high specific surface area of 3291 m2 g−1 at a low current density of 50 mA g−1. However, a significant deterioration of the specific capacitance was observed on increasing the current density. The other approach for alleviating the impact of high viscosity is dilution with a polar organic solvent (typically PC or AN). This can reduce the cost and viscosity of RTILs, but the benefits of non-flammability and non-volatility diminish. The conductivity of the EMIm·BF4/PC system increases with increasing PC solvent ratio up to ca. 50 mass%, but a further increase in the PC content decreases the conductivity . Kirchner et al. suggested that the factors determining the interfacial ordering in RTILs can be different from those in solvent-based electrolytes, in which ions are surrounded by a significant number of solvent molecules . Thus, it is of academic and industrial significance to explore the capacitive and resistive performances of ACs with distinct pore structures in neat or diluted RTILs.
Introduction.Cyclic voltammetry (CV) and galvanostatic charge–discharge (GCD) tests have been frequently employed for performance evaluations of EDLCs, providing their capacitances over the entire operational voltage range or in a specific voltage range. However, resistance information obtainable from CV and GCD test data is limited. Only the IR drop incurred at the beginning of current reversal in the GCD test indicates a total resistance, which is the sum of various ohmic contributions, namely electrolyte resistance, contact resistance (between AC particles and/or between current collector and AC particles), and component resistance (AC particles and current collector). Kumagai et al. mentioned that the specific capacitance of mesoporous ACs in neat EMIm·BF4 showed a significant dependence on the applied cell voltage (electric field across the double-layers) in CV curves , but a detailed explanation of the observed results has not been given. Electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) has been effectively utilized to obtain detailed information about capacitive, diffusive (mass transfer), and resistive (ohmic) elements in EDLCs on the basis of their different time constants [27,30,31]. A simple electrical equivalent circuit to describe an EDLC is a series connection of resistance and capacitor . However, this equivalent circuit model is inadequate to interpret actual experimental EIS data. An ideal EDLC should operate independently of the frequency and magnitude of the applied voltage. However, such dependences are commonly observed in practical EDLCs owing to specific ionic adsorption, diffusion processes, and incomplete electrostatic polarization on the porous electrode (Faradaic charge transfer caused by potential difference across the electrode/electrolyte interface) . The introduction of constant phase elements (CPEs) and Warburg impedance, considering the kinetics of ion diffusion, into equivalent circuits of EDLCs has improved the matching accuracy between the experimental data and the circuit simulation data, which has assisted understanding of the observed EDLC performances . CPEs are associated with distributed surface reactivity, surface inhomogeneity, roughness, electrode porosity, and current and potential distributions . Thus, CPEs are frequently employed to compensate for the non-ideal capacitive behavior of EDLCs. Recently, Kang et al. proposed a new equivalent circuit model for two-electrode EDLC cells by incorporating three resistances, three CPEs, and one Warburg (finite thin-layer diffusion model) impedance element, which were successively applied to characterize actual EDLC cells using aqueous and non-aqueous electrolytes . Impedance spectra of EDLCs have been simulated and discussed using the transmission line equivalent circuit model , which is essentially equivalent to the diffusion process mathematically expressed by a hyperbolic cosine function .
Introduction.In the present study, the effects of microporosity and mesoporosity on the electrochemical properties of ACs in neat EMIm·BF4 and in EMIm·BF4 diluted with PC are discussed. With specific material properties (comparable total pore volumes and surface chemistry), two types of ACs have been evaluated by CV, GCD tests, and EIS. Kang's equivalent circuit model, providing all of the elemental parameters related to the bulk electrolyte, the diffusion layer, and the double-layer, has been employed for EIS to understand in detail the behaviors of EMIm+ and BF4 − in the pores of AC. Finally, the relationship between porosity and the ionic motion of EMIm·BF4 has been explored, with and without PC as solvent, providing a perspective towards utilizing the full potential of RTILs in EDLC applications.
Sample ACs.Two types of powder-state ACs (RP25, phenolic resin-based, Kuraray Chemicals Co., Ltd., Japan; and KLM, coconut shell-based, Japan Envirochemicals, Ltd., Japan) were used as the active materials of EDLC electrodes. RP25 has been used by Kumagai et al. for EDLCs working in TEMA·BF4/PC electrolyte . KLM has also been employed by Kumagai et al. as a reference sample of rice-husk derived micro- and mesoporous ACs working in 1 mol L−1 H2SO4 solution and 1 mol L−1 TEMA·BF4/PC . CV and GCD test results of a microporous AC and a mesoporous AC (KLM) in 1 mol L−1 TEMA·BF4/PC or neat EMIm·BF4 electrolyte have been provided by Kumagai et al. . However, interaction between the pore structure of AC and the ionic motion of EMIm·BF4 could not be discussed in depth because of incomparable material properties of the ACs used and insufficient measurement of electrolyte properties .
Sample ACs.Median diameters of RP25 and KLM powders evaluated using a laser diffraction particle size analyzer (SALD-300V, Shimadzu Corp., Japan) were 5 and 7 μm, respectively, indicating that the particle sizes of the AC samples were sufficiently comparable. The pore structures of RP25 and KLM were evaluated by acquiring nitrogen adsorption–desorption isotherms at −196 °C using a gas adsorption analyzer (Autosorb-iQ, Quantachrome Instruments Inc., USA) (Fig. S1, see Supporting Information). KLM showed a gradual increase in the isotherm slope at relative pressures of >0.1, and distinct hysteresis loops at a high relative pressure, which means that mesopores were significantly formed therein. A small increase in the isotherms of RP25 at relative pressures of >0.2 was observed, which suggests that micropores were primarily formed therein. Brunauer–Emmett–Teller (BET) specific surface area was calculated on the basis of BET theory . Assuming the pores are filled with liquid nitrogen at a relative pressure close to unity, the amount of vapor adsorbed at a relative pressure of 0.995 can be converted to the volume of liquid nitrogen contained in the pores, representing total pore volumes of the AC samples. Quenched solid density functional theory (QSDFT)  was applied to obtain the pore size distribution of the AC samples, in which a carbon slit pore equilibrium model installed in the QSDFT software (ASiQwin, version 1.11, Quantachrome Instruments Inc.) was used. The textural properties of RP25 and KLM are summarized in Table 1 , which are based on QSDFT calculations. The QSDFT size distributions of narrower pores (<10 nm) in RP25 and KLM are shown in Fig. 1 . The results of the micropore (or mesopore) volume fractions and the pore size distributions revealed microporous and mesoporous structures to be present in RP25 and KLM, respectively. Although they have different pore structures and BET specific surface areas (2587 m2 g−1 for RP25, 1298 m2 g−1 for KLM), their total pore volumes are comparable (ca. 1.4 cm3 g−1).
Sample ACs.The surface chemistry of RP25 and KLM was analyzed by means of X-ray photoelectron spectrometry (XPS) using an Axis Ultra DLD instrument (Kratos Analytical Ltd., UK) with a monochromated Al-K α excitation source. Prior to the analysis, the powder-state samples were degassed at 150 °C for >6 h. Narrow scan spectra for the C1s region were deconvoluted into six peaks resulting from carbon-related species using Compro10 software (Surface Analysis Society of Japan), whereby the spectra were fitted using Gaussian algorithms after Shirley background extraction (Fig. S2, see Supporting Information). These peaks represent components of carbide at 284.1 eV; graphitic carbon at 284.7 eV; carbon species in alcohol and/or ether groups (ROH and/or COC) at 258.8 eV; carbon in carbonyl groups (CO) and/or quinone at 287.7 eV; carbon in carboxyl and/or ester groups (COOH and/or C(O)OC) at 289.4 eV; and a shake-up satellite due to a π–π* transition in aromatic rings at 291.6 eV . Table 2 shows the atomic percentages (at. %) of these components, which were obtained by calculating the area contribution of each deconvoluted curve to the total area of the C1s fitted curves. It is obvious that some carbon atoms constituted oxygen-containing functional groups. However, no critical differences in the concentrations of oxygen-containing functional groups could be discerned.
Sample ACs.The surface acidities and basicities of RP25 and KLM were also evaluated based on the Boehm titration method  (Table S1, see Supplementary Information). The surface acidities and basicities of RP25 and KLM were found to be sufficiently low  and the differences between the numbers of acidic and basic sites were slight.
Sample ACs.X-ray diffraction (XRD) analysis was performed to study the crystallinity of RP25 and KLM using a diffractometer (RINT-2020V, Rigaku Corp., Japan) with Cu-K α radiation (wavelength: 0.15418 nm). XRD profiles of RP25 and KLM are shown in Fig. 2 . Two broad peaks with 2θ values of ca. 23° and 43°, attributable to the graphitic (002) and (100) planes, respectively, were similarly observed in both XRD patterns, indicating that both the ACs had low graphitic degrees. Variations in the XRD profiles over the 2θ range from 10° to 30° suggested that RP25 was composed of a mixture of randomly oriented graphene single-layer and bilayer domains, and that KLM was composed of a mixture of bilayer and trilayer domains . Referring to , the graphene interlayer spacing (d 002) was calculated using the (002) peak and Eq. (1), and apparent crystallite size along basal graphene planes (L a) was calculated using the (100) peak and Eq. (2): (1) d 002 = λ 2 sin θ d (2) L a = 1.84 λ B a cos θ a where λ is the wavelength of X-ray used, θ d and θ a are the Bragg angles of the (002) and (100) peaks, respectively, B a is the full-width at half-maximum of the (100) peak. d 002 and L a of RP25 and KLM are shown in Table 3 . KLM showed smaller d 002, formation of graphene bilayers and trilayers, and smaller L a, implying that to some extent it maintained graphitic structure in the lateral direction, whereas RP25 did so in the basal direction. Although differences in the XRD patterns were observed, the small differences in d 002 and L a were likely to be insufficient to produce significant differences in the graphitic degree and thereby electrical conductivity of bulk carbonaceous parts of RP25 and KLM. Thus, it was confirmed that the powders of RP25 and KLM had comparable properties, apart from their pore structures (microporous or mesoporous).
Electrolytes.1-Ethyl-3-methylimidazolium tetrafluoroborate (EMIm·BF4, Kanto Chemicals Co., Inc., Japan) was used as received as the neat RTIL electrolyte. EMIm·BF4 diluted with propylene carbonate (PC, Wako Pure Chemical Industries, Ltd.) at a concentration of 1 mol L−1 (14 mass%, one EMIm·BF4 molecule to 11.8 PC molecules) was also tested as an electrolyte. The viscosities of the electrolytes were evaluated using a viscometer (VM-10A, Sekonic Corp., Japan). The conductivities of the electrolytes were also evaluated by means of a conductivity meter (MM-60R, DKK-TOA Corp., Japan). Both evaluations were carried out at 25 °C. The conductivities and viscosities of the neat and diluted EMIm·BF4, as well as molecular size information, are given in Table 4 . The viscosity of the diluted medium was ten times lower than that of the neat IL, but its conductivity showed little change.
Electrode preparation and cell assembly.The sample AC was mixed with 10 mass% acetylene black (Denka Black, Denki Kagaku Kogyo Kabushikikaisya, Japan) and 10 mass% polyfluoroethylene (Polyflon D210-C, Daikin Industries, Ltd., Japan). The mixture was ground with a mortar and pestle with the addition of ethanol, and was pressed into a sheet. From this sheet, disks of 12 mm in diameter were punched out. Each disk was pressed and attached to a circular piece of Al mesh (dia.: 15 mm), which served as the current collector, degassed at 140 °C for >6 h, and then employed as an EDLC electrode. A pair of electrodes with approximately similar active mass and thickness were used as the anode and cathode. The electrode active masses of RP25 and KLM were 17.1 mg and 16.1 mg, respectively, and their electrode thicknesses were both 0.36 mm. Detailed mass and thickness data are collected in Table S2 (see Supplementary Information). Two pieces of paper-based separator (diameter: 23 mm, thickness: 55 μm; TF4050, Nippon Kodoshi Corp., Japan) sandwiched by the positive and negative electrodes were sealed with the electrolyte (1 mL) in a two-electrode cell system, the outer body of which was made of aluminum alloy (HS cell, Hohsen Corp., Japan). The cell was assembled in an argon-filled glove box (GBJF080R, Glovebox Japan Inc., Japan).
Electrochemical tests and equivalent circuit model.CV was performed at 25 °C by using an electrochemical measurement system (HZ-5000, Hokuto Denko Corp., Japan). The cell voltage (potential difference between the positive and negative electrodes of the assembled EDLC cell) was repeatedly varied from 0 V to 2.5 V and then from 2.5 V to 0 V at a constant scan rate, during which the current was measured. The cell was thrice subjected to this voltage sweep. CV curves were acquired at scan rates of 100, 10, and 1 mV s−1. The specific capacitance, C CV, of the sample AC at varying applied voltages was calculated according to Eq. (3): (3) C CV = 2 I CV m AC v where I CV is the current measured in CV at varying applied voltage, m AC is the active mass of AC used in the single electrode, and v is the voltage scan rate. The direction of I CV for cell-charging was defined as positive. Thus, negative specific capacitance could be observed during cell discharging. The voltammogram at the second cycle was used to evaluate the specific capacitance of the sample AC. In the present study, specific capacitance refers to gravimetric specific capacitance in units of F g−1.
Electrochemical tests and equivalent circuit model.After the CV, the cell was subjected to a GCD test, in which the cell voltage was increased from 0 V to 2.5 V (charge) and then decreased from 2.5 V to 0 V (discharge) at constant current, using a battery charge–discharge system (HJ1005SD8, Hokuto Denko Corp., Japan). Cyclic charge–discharge was executed at 25 °C at various current densities (0.1–10 mA cm−2) and for different numbers of cycles (2 and 5). The specific capacitance of the sample AC in the GCD test, C G, was obtained by calculating the charge quantities during charge or discharge according to Eq. (4): (4) C G = 2 Q G m AC E − V IR where Q G is the time-integral of current in the charge or discharge process, E is the cell voltage range for charge–discharge (2.5 V), and V IR is the IR drop incurred at the charge–discharge or discharge–charge switching. Simultaneously, the equivalent series resistance (ESR) of the sample AC, ESR, was calculated according to Eq (5): (5) E S R = V IR I G where I G is the actual current in the GCD test. The specific capacitance and the ESR at different current densities were evaluated under the specified conditions: 0.1, 1, and 10 mA cm−2 (Table S3, see Supplementary Information). The specific surface capacitance, in units of μF cm−2, was also evaluated by dividing the gravimetric specific capacitance by the BET specific surface area in order to ascertain the effect of pore structure on the capacitive performance irrespective of specific surface area .
Electrochemical tests and equivalent circuit model.The resistance of a disk-shaped single EDLC electrode into which the electrolyte had not been impregnated (dry conditions) was evaluated under constant compression. A single electrode having approximately similar mass and dimensions as the electrodes used for the electrochemical tests was tested. The electrode without an Al mesh current collector was degassed at 140 °C for >6 h. Immediately thereafter, it was sandwiched between SUS304 steel plates, compressed at 0.3 MPa, and subjected to resistance evaluation using a digital multimeter (175, Fluke Corp., USA) at 25 °C.
Electrochemical tests and equivalent circuit model.Following the GCD test, EIS was performed at 25 °C for the cells at different charging states using the abovementioned electrochemical measurement system. Each cell was subjected to AC voltage application biased at DC 0 V (fully discharged) and 2.5 V (fully charged). The frequency of the applied AC voltage was varied from 100 kHz to 10 mHz. The amplitude of the AC voltage was set at 10 mV (7.1 mVrms). Prior to the AC voltage application, the cell was subjected to a DC bias for 10 min to stabilize the charging stage. EIS provided the whole cell impedance, Z(ω), through scanning of the AC voltage frequency, according to Eq. (6): (6) Z ( ω ) = Z ′ ( ω ) + j Z ″ ( ω ) where j is an imaginary unit, Z′(ω) and Z″(ω) are the real and imaginary parts, respectively, of the whole cell impedance, and ω is the angular frequency. The relationship between Z″(ω) and –Z″(ω), known as the impedance spectrum or Nyquist plot, was acquired for each EDLC cell. Fig. 3 shows the EDCL equivalent circuit model proposed by Kang et al. . This circuit model is comprised of three resistances, three CPEs, and one bounded Warburg (finite thin-layer diffusion model) impedance element  (Fig. 3(a)), in which diffusion, adsorption, and bulk medium impedance are taken into account. The circuit can be separated into four components: intrinsic ohmic component, R S, bulk electrolyte (Fig. 3(b)), diffusion layer (Fig. 3(c)), and Helmholtz layer (Fig. 3(d)). The explanations and the impedance expressions for each element are summarized in Table 5 . Using EIS simulation software (EIS, Version 1.0.14, Hokuto Denko Corp., Japan), the element parameters depicted in the equivalent circuit were determined so as to fit the actual impedance spectra with the simulated data over the frequency range from 100 kHz to 10 mHz. The impedance spectra of the bulk electrolyte, the diffusion layer, and the Helmholtz layer were also simulated, and provided assistance in understanding the EIS results.
Electrochemical tests and equivalent circuit model.In addition to the impedance spectral analysis, the specific capacitance of the sample AC was also calculated based on the EIS results. The frequency-dependent capacitance, C(ω), of an EDLC cell can be written in complex form by Eq. (7) : (7) C ( ω ) = C ′ ( ω ) − j C ″ ( ω ) where C′(ω) and C″(ω) are the real and imaginary parts, respectively, of the EDLC cell capacitance. When the EDLC cell is considered as the whole capacitance, C(ω) can be expressed by Eq. (8) : (8) C ( ω ) = 1 j ω Z ( ω )
Electrochemical tests and equivalent circuit model.Thus, the real and imaginary parts of the specific capacitance of the sample AC, defined as C′EIS(ω) and C″EIS(ω), respectively, can be described by Eqs. (9) and (10): (9) C EIS ′ ω = − 2 Z ″ ω m AC ω | Z ω | 2 (10) C EIS ″ ω = 2 Z ′ ω m AC ω | Z ω | 2
Electrochemical tests and equivalent circuit model.The real and imaginary parts of the specific capacitance in EIS were calculated and then simulated over the extended frequency range using the determined element parameters, enabling estimation of the quasi-DC specific capacitance and the dielectric relaxation time of the sample AC. When the imaginary parts of the specific capacitance in EIS yield a peak at frequency f 0, the dielectric relaxation time, τ 0, is obtainable from Eq. (11): (11) τ 0 = 1 f 0
Electrochemical tests and equivalent circuit model.Imaginary specific capacitance is indicative of the magnitude of dielectric loss (frequency-dependent energy loss). At a frequency f 0, half of the low-frequency capacitance (C HLF) is reached. At f < f 0, the capacitance is greater than C HLF, whereas at higher frequencies, the capacitance is less than C HLF . Thus, the relaxation time is related to the capacitance stability with respect to higher frequency, indicating that shorter relaxation times can be responsible for better rate capabilities of AC samples .
CV results.Cyclic voltammograms of microporous RP25 and mesoporous KLM in neat and diluted EMIm·BF4 were acquired at scan rates of 100, 10, and 1 mV s−1 (Fig. 4 ). A symmetrical rectangular voltammogram should be observed if the cell functions as an ideal capacitor that has no series resistor and no dependence of capacitance on the applied cell voltage. At the highest scan rate of 100 mV s−1, RP25 showed a distorted parallelogram-shaped voltammogram and KLM showed a more distorted or collapsed voltammogram. The use of neat or diluted EMIm·BF4 led to insignificant differences in the CV profiles for the respective samples. On decreasing the scan rate, the distortion in the voltammograms of RP25 and KLM tended to be alleviated. The lowest scan rate of 1 mV s−1 applied to RP25 provided an isosceles trapezoid-shaped voltammogram, whereby higher cell voltage induced higher specific capacitance during either the charge or discharge processes. A higher specific capacitance of RP25 was achieved in neat EMIm·BF4 compared to that in the diluted EMIm·BF4. On the other hand, irrespective of the electrolyte type, KLM showed a right triangle-shaped voltammogram, even at the lowest scan rate (1 mV s−1). A higher cell voltage led to higher specific capacitance, which was similarly seen for RP25. KLM displayed a gradual increase in specific capacitance during charging at a cell voltage of <1.5 V, which highlights a distinct difference between RP25 and KLM. Higher specific capacitance was observed for KLM in the diluted EMIm·BF4 than that in the neat EMIm·BF4 at a scan rate of 10 mV s−1. However, an effect of electrolyte dilution on the CV profiles of KLM was barely detectable at the lowest scan rate of 1 mV s−1.
CV results.The collapsed CV profiles provided evidence of the increased ESR, which is generally related to electrolyte conductivity and ionic motion at the double-layers . Mesoporous KLM displayed higher ESR than did microporous RP25, regardless of their similar total pore volumes and comparable surface chemistry. In particular, the gradual elevation of that of KLM during charging at a lower cell voltage (<1.5 V) indicated that this parameter was dependent on the cell voltage. At the lowest scan rate, small bulges were observed for all of the samples and the electrolytes at a higher cell voltage of >2.3 V during charging, whereas no bulges were observed during discharging. This implies that irreversible faradaic reactions occurred when a higher voltage was allocated to the interface between the AC surface and the electrolyte. Except for these reactions, the samples showed no local humps or dents in the voltammograms, indicating negligible faradaic reactions between the surface functional groups on the samples and the electrolyte.
GCD test results.RP25 and KLM were galvanostatically charged and discharged at different current densities of 0.1, 1, and 10 mA cm−2. Fig. 5 shows cell voltage vs. specific capacity for RP25 and KLM in neat or diluted EMIm·BF4. The changes in cell voltage under all conditions were approximately linear, except during charge–discharge or discharge–charge switching. Rapid voltage changes during the switching indicate an IR drop (V IR). At the lowest current density (0.1 mA cm−2), slight V IR were observed for KLM at the beginning of charge. It was also found that the increase in the cell voltage faded at a higher cell voltage of >2.0 V, producing a significant irreversible capacity during charge–discharge. With increasing current density, RP25 and KLM displayed a larger V IR and improved cell voltage linearity, regardless of the electrolyte type. It was observed that V IR of KLM at the beginning of charge was notably larger than that at the beginning of discharge, while the corresponding difference for RP25 was slight. A larger V IR was observed in neat EMIm·BF4 as opposed to the diluted medium, which was independent of the AC type. RP25 and KLM in the neat EMIm·BF4 showed more moderate changes in cell voltage, indicating that higher specific capacity was obtainable from the neat electrolyte compared to the diluted electrolyte.
GCD test results.Table 6 lists the specific capacitances, specific surface capacitances, and ESRs of RP25 and KLM based on the GCD test results. RP25 showed higher specific capacitance than did KLM, which was maintained even at increased current density. Electrolyte dilution was found to reduce the specific capacitance of RP25. The specific capacitance of KLM was seen to be highly dependent on the current density and the electrolyte type. KLM in the neat electrolyte showed higher specific capacitance at lower current density, whereas in the diluted electrolyte it showed higher specific capacitance at higher current density. The difference in specific capacitance for the charge and discharge processes at the lowest current density can be rationalized in terms of the irreversible capacity resulting from the faradaic reactions that were observed in the CV profiles during charging at a cell voltage >2.3 V. KLM displayed a large decrease in specific capacitance even when the current density was increased. No faradaic reactions were observed in its CV profiles at the higher scan rates (10 and 100 mV s−1). Thus, lowering of the specific capacitance of KLM during discharge was attributable to the considerably large ESR leading to energy loss.
GCD test results.In order to determine the effectiveness of the pore structures of RP25 and KLM, their specific surface capacitances were also evaluated. At low and medium current densities (0.1 and 1 mA cm−2), higher specific surface capacitance was obtainable from KLM, indicating that the mesoporosity therein was responsible for effective surface utilization under moderate ionic transfer. At least 30% higher specific surface capacitance was observed on KLM. Lower specific surface capacitance during discharge at a higher current density (10 mA cm−2) indicated that the advantage of mesoporosity in KLM was weakened under high-rate ionic transfer.
GCD test results.ESR evaluation indicated that a considerably larger resistive component was produced in KLM. The difference between the ESR at the onset of charging and the onset of discharging was slight for RP25, whereas a more significant difference was observed for KLM. The two samples showed larger ESR values in neat EMIm·BF4 than in the diluted IL.
GCD test results.The resistances of single disc-shaped electrodes of RP25 and KLM, without impregnation by the electrolyte, were evaluated under constant compression. The resistances of the RP25 and KLM electrodes were 28 and 3670 Ω, respectively. Considering the comparable material properties except for the textural properties, the development of mesoporosity was clearly related to the very high resistance of KLM, which was in particular observed upon discharge–charge switching during the GCD tests. The mesopore-filling or penetration of the electrolyte was found to be important to reduce the cell resistance during the charge–discharge process.
EIS results.Impedance spectra of the EDLC cells were acquired at the fully discharged and fully charged states (DC bias voltages: 0 and 2.5 V). On the basis of the EDCL equivalent circuit model proposed by Kang et al., 11 circuit parameters associated with three resistances, three CPEs, and one bounded Warburg impedance element were estimated to fit as closely as possible the simulated lines to the actual impedance spectra. Table 7 lists the estimated equivalent circuit parameters of RP25 and KLM in the neat and diluted EMIm·BF4. Fig. 6 shows the actual impedance spectra, the simulated impedance spectra, and the simulated spectra separated into the components of the bulk electrolyte, the diffusion layer, and the Helmholtz layer. It was confirmed that the simulated impedance lines fitted the actual impedance data under all conditions. The contributions of intrinsic ohmic resistance (R S) and the impedances of the bulk electrolyte, the diffusion layer, and the Helmholtz layer to the impedance spectral composition were also identified.
EIS results.The intrinsic resistance (R S) corresponds to the left-hand-side Z′-intercept of the flattened semicircle. The values of R S for RP25 and KLM were found to be comparable (1–2 Ω), irrespective of the electrolyte type or the bias voltage. A bulk electrolyte can be defined as an electrolyte displaying no concentration gradient of cations and anions at low AC frequencies, leading to certain double-layer formation. The bulk process is valid particularly at high AC frequencies, producing a CPE in parallel with bulk resistance (R bulk). The flattening degree of the semicircle was represented by the CPE exponent of the bulk electrolyte (p bulk). Values of p bulk under all conditions were found to be at a similar level (ca. 0.7). The CPE coefficients of the bulk electrolyte (T bulk) under all conditions were very small (<∼10−4 F s(p−1)) in comparison with those of the Helmholtz layer and of ion adsorption. The value of R bulk, which can be considered as the resistance to supply the diffusion layer with excess ions to create the double-layer capacitance, was equivalent to the length between the two Z′-intercepts of the flattened semicircle. Because of high impedance contributions from the diffusion and Helmholtz layers, no right-hand-side Z′-intercept was observed for KLM, the cell bias voltage of which was 0 V. In this situation, KLM displayed considerably large R bulk (145 Ω for the neat EMIm·BF4, 55 Ω for the diluted EMIm·BF4). Increasing the cell bias voltage from 0 to 2.5 V reduced R bulk (to about 10 Ω), which was seen regardless of the electrolyte dilution. R bulk of RP25 in neat EMIm·BF4 was slightly larger than that in the diluted EMIm·BF4. A higher bias voltage resulted in a lowering of R bulk. All of the estimated parameters regarding the bulk electrolyte suggested that cell charging was responsible for the decrease in the bulk resistance. Thus, the bulk resistance can reflect the ionic motion associated with formation of the diffusion layers and mesopore-filling (penetration) of ions, which was verified by the resistance evaluation of a single electrode without electrolyte impregnation. The capacitance of the bulk electrolyte was found to be negligible in comparison to those related to the double-layer.
EIS results.The diffusion process can be characterized by the diffusion resistance (R w) and the characteristic angular frequency of diffusion (ω D), both of which are incorporated in the Warburg impedance (Z w). The inverse of ω D gives the transit time of ions for the diffusion. It is obvious that R w of RP25 was higher and ω D of RP25 was smaller than those of KLM, implying that mesoporous KLM permitted higher-rate ionic transfer in the finite diffusion layer than did microporous RP25. Higher R w was observed on KLM biased at 2.5 V than that at 0 V, irrespective of whether EMIm·BF4 was diluted or not. Charging imparted the mesoporous structure with higher congestive resistance at the diffusion layer. The lowest R w and the highest ω D were observed for the discharged KLM (0 V bias) in the diluted EMIm·BF4, validating that electrolyte dilution and charge neutrality accomplished the most fluent diffusion under all conditions. The results concerning the Warburg impedance revealed that the diffusion process in KLM was more fluent than that in RP25, and was significantly dependent on the charge state and the electrolyte type. The separated impedance spectra of the diffusion layers indicated that the contribution of the diffusion layer to the Z′ component was more limited in KLM than in RP25, and that the Warburg impedance strongly contributed to leaps in the –Z″ component at lower frequency.
EIS results.The Helmholtz layer in Kang's equivalent circuit model is composed of the two CPEs and the interfacial resistance (R int). The two CPEs are derived from Helmholtz layer formation by electrostatically attracted ions or solvated ions (CPE coefficient: T H, CPE exponent: p H) and from specifically adsorbed ions or solvated ions nearest the electrode surface (CPE coefficient: T ads, CPE exponent: p ads). R int is defined as the sum of the charge-transfer resistance and the adsorption resistance, details of which are described in Table 5. Higher R int was observed at a higher bias voltage for RP25, but at a lower bias voltage for KLM. The use of the neat electrolyte imparted RP25 with higher R int. The Helmholtz layer capacitance of RP25 could be attributed to both the electrostatic attraction (T H) and the specific adsorption (T ads). p ads and p H of RP25 were found to be 1 and 0.5–0.6, respectively. A lower CPE exponent (p) affects the real part of the CPE impedance, as shown in Eq. (12): (12) 1 T ( j ω ) p = 1 T ω p cos ( p π 2 ) − j 1 T ω p sin ( p π 2 )
EIS results.A frequency-dependent resistive component could be generated through electrostatic attraction, associated with the inhomogeneity of the AC surface. On the other hand, T H of KLM under all conditions was found to be small (<∼10−3 F s(p−1)) in comparison with T H of RP25 and T ads of KLM and RP25, indicating that the contribution of electrostatic attraction to the Helmholtz layer capacitance of KLM was negligible, even if its p H was invariably approximately 1. It was found that T ads of KLM biased at 0 V was slight (<∼10−2 F s(p−1)) and that its p ads was also small (ca. 0.3). These results were consistent with the lower C CV of KLM observed at lower cell voltages and the higher ESR observed at discharge–charge switching. Moreover, the Helmholtz layer capacitance of KLM biased at 2.5 V was mainly attributable to specifically adsorbed ions or solvated ions.
EIS results.The real and imaginary parts of EIS specific capacitance (C′EIS and C″EIS, respectively) for RP25 and KLM are plotted in Fig. 7 as a function of frequency. Using the estimated parameters of the equivalent circuit elements, simulated C′EIS and C″EIS lines were also generated over a more extended frequency region. The actual C′EIS of RP25 under all conditions showed a slight difference in the frequency region >10−2 Hz. However, the simulated C′EIS lines for RP25 suggested that higher bias voltage and no electrolyte dilution led to higher C′EIS in the lower frequency region <10−3 Hz. A higher actual C″EIS of RP25, indicative of dielectric loss (energy loss), was observed at higher bias voltages. The actual C″EIS of RP25 biased at 0 V showed a shorter dielectric relaxation time (τ 0) than was the case at 2.5 V. The simulated lines of C″EIS for RP25 implied that higher bias voltage and the neat electrolyte were responsible for the longer τ 0. The results for RP25 suggested that higher bias voltage and no electrolyte dilution imparted it with higher quasi-DC specific capacitance, but longer τ 0. Longer τ 0 is associated with lowering of the rate capability of AC electrodes. On the other hand, the actual C′EIS of KLM was found to increase when a higher bias voltage (2.5 V) was applied. The C′EIS simulation of KLM indicated that higher C′EIS above ca. 10−4 Hz was achievable with higher bias voltage and electrolyte dilution. Below ca. 10−4 Hz, the simulated C′EIS of KLM biased at 0 V in the neat electrolyte increased anomalously. A higher actual C″ EIS was observed for KLM biased at 2.5 V than that at 0 V, which was similarly seen for RP25. Very long τ 0 (103−104 s) for KLM under no bias voltage suggested that its very high quasi-DC specific capacitance in the neat electrolyte was realistically meaningless because of very long dielectric relaxation times. On the other hand, τ 0 of KLM biased at 2.5 V was estimated to be comparable to that of microporous RP25 (ca. 102 s), revealing that the charge state had a strong impact on the capacitive and resistive performance of mesoporous KLM.
Microporosity and mesoporosity of ACs in neat and dilute EMIm·BF.The viscosity of the neat EMIm·BF4 (41.9 mPa s) was ten-fold higher than that of the diluted EMIm·BF4 (4.15 mPa s), while their conductivities were relatively comparable (12–13 mS cm−1). Electrostatic interaction (Coulomb force) and hydrogen bonding between cations and anions are known to be sources of high viscosity of RTILs . Thus, even though the conductivity difference between the neat and diluted EMIm·BF4 was slight, transportation mechanisms of EMIm+ and BF4 − in the electrode pores should be discussed separately. Polarization mechanisms at the interface between carbon and RTILs have been extensively discussed on the basis of computational simulations [28,57,58]. The structural regime of 1-butyl-3-methylimidazolium tetrafluoroborate (BMIm·BF4) between two rigid graphene slabs separated by a distance of 10.4 nm, under different degrees of surface charge of graphene, has been comprehensively simulated by Ivanistsev et al. . They suggested that a layer of BMIm+ formed next to the surface as the surface charge was increased from neutral to more negative values. An oppositely charged layer of BF4 − and a subsequent layer of BMIm+ then alternately formed (multilayer formation). More negative surface charging produced only a single layer of concentrated BMIm+ closest to the graphene surface (monolayer formation) and an upper disordered region of cations and anions. When the BMIm+ concentration in the monolayer was maximized, the dense monolayer could not provide a net counter charge. This layer transition is similarly observed on a positively charged surface.
Microporosity and mesoporosity of ACs in neat and dilute EMIm·BF.There is high structural similarity between EMIm·BF4 and BMIm·BF4. Only the size of BMIm+ is slightly larger than that of EMIm+. The QSDFT pore size distribution (Fig. 1) revealed that most of the pores in RP25 and KLM had width <10.4 nm. Thus, structural transitions could occur in RP25 and KLM in the neat EMIm·BF4. On the other hand, the polarization mechanisms of the diluted EMIm·BF4 could be described by the conventional Gouy–Chapman–Stern model modified by Grahame in 1947 , which is applicable to double-layer formation from solvent molecules and solvated ions.
Microporosity and mesoporosity of ACs in neat and dilute EMIm·BF.The spatial density of cations and anions in neat EMIm·BF4 must be higher than that in diluted EMIm·BF4 because one molecule of EMIm·BF4 is allocated to 11.8 PC molecules. Because a larger number of cations and anions could be ordered close to the electrode surfaces in the neat electrolyte, higher specific capacitance was obtainable therein, irrespective of the AC type. Increasing the rate of ionic transfer (current density) led to a decrease in the specific capacitance and an increase in the ESR of the mesoporous structure. Moreover, the mesoporous structure in its discharged state displayed very low specific capacitance and very large ESR. These features were observed for both the neat and diluted electrolytes, but were hardly observed for the microporous structure. It has been indicated that ionic transfer in a mesoporous structure is susceptible to an electric field . A large driving force induced by an electric field across a double-layer is necessary to propel ions into mesopores, into micropores through mesopores, as well as to arrange layers of ions. The distance between the pore walls determines the adsorptive force (van der Waals force) that holds ions within the pores, which is closely related to the diffusive force to release ions from the pores. A larger pore–wall distance of mesopores will certainly lower the pore occupancy, which can be derived from alleviation of the solid–liquid interaction potential with increasing distance from a homogeneous flat pore wall, formulated by the 10-4-3 Steele potential equation . Lowering the ion-retention ability of the mesopores restricted rapid layer formation by ions and caused ionic congestion. When the cell voltage was increased, ions could drift into mesopores or into micropores through mesopores due to the increased electric field. Once the ions had entered the pores, the adsorptive force assisted their retention . As a result, mesoporous KLM displayed cell-voltage-dependent specific capacitance and ESR. On the other hand, higher specific surface capacitance was observed on the mesoporous KLM compared to the microporous RP25. Considering the diameters of EMIm+ (0.60 nm), BF4 − (0.46 nm), and PC (0.55 nm), the smaller micropores in RP25, which contributed to its higher specific surface area, were not fully utilized in double-layer formation.
Microporosity and mesoporosity of ACs in neat and dilute EMIm·BF.The polarization mechanism in the neat EMIm·BF4, namely the ionic layer formation mechanism on the electrode surface, differed from that in the diluted EMIm·BF4. The charge–discharge mechanism in the diluted EMIm·BF4 could be explained in terms of a modified Gouy–Chapman–Stern model. For the neat EMIm·BF4, it seems valid to consider the first monolayer of ions, which is oppositely charged with respect to the charged surface, as the Helmholtz layer. The upper layers, showing a positional concentration gradient of charges with alternating multilayer formation of cations and anions or with their disordered distribution, could be treated as the diffusion layer in the modified Gouy–Chapman–Stern model. The bulk electrolyte for the neat EMIm·BF4 could be similarly defined as the charge-neutral region. Lower mobility of EMIm+ and BF4 − in mesopores under lower electric field (lower cell voltage) is likely to be connected to lowering of ion-trapping in mesopores and thereby greater congestion resistance in forming the diffusion layer, explaining the considerable bulk electrolyte resistance of the non-charged mesoporous structure as well as the greater bulk electrolyte resistance of the neat EMIm·BF4 compared to the diluted IL. The very long dielectric relaxation time of KLM in its discharged state could also be attributed to the lower mobility of EMIm+ and BF4 − in mesopores. The lower resistive contribution of the diffusion layer in the mesoporous structure is associated with its lowered ion-Introduction.Lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) are increasingly playing a pivotal role in applications ranging from transport to grid energy storage. However, not knowing a battery's rate of capacity loss or useful life renders the system susceptible to an unanticipated decline in performance or to operate in an unsafe regime . To mitigate this, LIBs are often over-sized and under-used, which results in unnecessary cost inefficiencies. Second life applications – which offer a potential means of offsetting high initial battery costs in EV applications  – rely particularly heavily on accurate capacity forecasting, since this determines the potential value of a cell in its secondary application. Hence, accurate prognostics is an important component of a modern battery management system.
Introduction.Since the performance capability of a cell is largely defined by its nominal capacity and internal resistance, the State of Health (SoH) is typically defined by one or both of these parameters. In the present case we focus on capacity estimation, although the methods we employ could be applied in either case. Predicting the future state of a LIB is non-trivial due to the complex interplay of parameters and the path-dependence of the degradation behaviour .
Introduction.The conventional approach to SoH forecasting relies on degradation modelling via electrochemical or equivalent circuit models. Electrochemical models enable some physical interpretation of degradation behaviour; however, simulating all the underlying dynamics responsible for battery degradation is a momentous challenge. Semi-empirical models have also been used to capture the dependence of battery SoH on likely stressing factors. For instance, Ref.  develops a capacity fade model using temperature, depth-of-discharge (DoD), C-rate and time as inputs. These models have had some success, although their accuracy is limited when environmental and load conditions differ from the training data set, and when the capacity fade depends on additional contributions from unknown sources.
Introduction.Data-driven approaches are gaining attention due to the increasing availability of large quantities of battery data. There are various ways data-driven techniques could be applied, and each amounts to different assumptions about the nature of the underlying processes. The most common and simple of these is to use a direct mapping from cycle to SoH [6–8]. Simplistically, this amounts to fitting a curve to the capacity-cycle data, and then predicting future values by extrapolating the fitted curve. This implies that accurate capacity data for some previous cycles in the battery life is available. We note that battery capacity estimation is another important topic; however, the primary concern of this paper is capacity forecasting, i.e. estimating future values of capacity. Hence, we assume that capacity-cycle data is available – in practice such data may be acquired by direct measurement (slow-rate charge-discharge cycles specifically applied at periodic intervals for capacity measurement) or by a variety of other techniques which obviate the need to interfere with the system (such as parameter estimation of equivalent circuit models). For a detailed review of methods for capacity estimation see Ref. .
Introduction.On the one hand, mapping from cycle to SoH is over-simplistic since the cell capacity depends on various factors, and the historical capacity data alone is unlikely to be sufficient for predicting future capacity. On the other hand, it is reasonable to expect the previous capacity to be somewhat correlated with future capacity and hence it is worth exploring the limits of its predictive capability. Moreover, the methods applied to capacity vs. cycle data could subsequently be applied to more informative (possibly higher dimensional) inputs (such as estimates of physical parameters such as lithium inventory or active material vs. cycle; see Ref. ).
Introduction.A key advantage of our approach is that it is non-parametric. Non-parametric methods permit a model expressivity (e.g a number of parameters) that is naturally calibrated to the requirements of the data. Hence, such methods can model arbitrarily complex systems, provided enough data is available. For instance, a number of recent studies have used Support Vector Machines (SVMs) for predicting future cell capacity based on it's historical capacity vs. cycle data and/or from data from multiple identical cells [11–14]. The success of these works demonstrates the advantage of such approaches.
Introduction.However, an important aspect of prognostics is not only predicting future values of the variable of interest but also expressing the uncertainty associated with these values. Bayesian methods provide a principled approach to dealing with uncertainty. This results in a credible interval comprising probabilistic upper and lower bounds, which is essential for making informed decisions. GPs are a non-parametric Bayesian method that offer a number of other unique advantages which have not been fully exploited in prior work.
Introduction.There have been a limited number of studies investigating GPs for battery prognostics. Goebel et al.  investigated the use of GPs for extrapolating battery internal resistance and subsequently deriving capacity estimates based on a linear relationship between resistance and capacity. They showed that GPs could handle the non-linear data manifested by battery degradation but they concluded that although they were capable of characterizing the uncertainty in the predictions, they lacked long-range predictive capability. Recently, Liu et al.  applied Gaussian process regression to battery capacity prediction, and showed that their predictive accuracy was improved when a linear or quadratic Explicit Mean Function (EMF; see Section 2.2) was used. However, the assumption of a linear or quadratic function for the underlying battery behaviour is overly simplistic; it would be preferable to use mean functions inspired by battery degradation models. In a separate study by the same authors , a Mixture of Gaussian Processes model was used to initialise the parameters of a parametric model using data from identical cells. The model parameters were then recursively updated using a particle filter. Whilst this made use of data from multiple cells, it merely used the data as a means of initialising a parametric model. Superior performance can be achieved by using multi-output models to capture correlations between the capacity trends in each cell, as we show in the present work.
Introduction.Existing studies fail to exploit many of the capabilities of GPs – in the current study, we present a thorough analysis of these capabilities. Specifically, we use GPs for short-term and long-term, i.e. remaining useful life (RUL), forecasting on a selection of capacity vs. cycle datasets from lithium-ion cells (Fig. 1 ). First, the most basic GP is studied. We highlight the importance of systematically selecting the correct kernel function (an issue which has been overlooked in previous works) and the advantages of using compound kernel functions. We then present two extensions to this basic approach which enable improved performance: (i) we use explicit mean functions based on known parametric battery degradation models to exploit prior knowledge of battery degradation behaviour and (ii) we use multi-output GPs to effectively exploit available capacity data from multiple identical cells. Lastly, it is worth underscoring the fact that all the methods presented here are rigorously evaluated using different proportions of training data (i.e. using capacity data up to the current cycle for training, with various different values of the current cycle). This is in contrast to most previous studies on battery prognostics, which merely evaluate the accuracy of the predictions made at a single arbitrarily selected cycle (e.g. the first half of training data).
Methods.The goal of a regression problem is to learn the mapping from inputs x to outputs y, given a labelled training set of input-output pairs D = { ( x i , y i ) } i = 1 N D , where N D is the number of training examples. In our case, the input x i ∈ Z + is the integer number of cycles applied up to the current cycle, and the output y i ∈ ℝ + is the corresponding measured capacity (all capacities are normalised against the initial, maximum capacity). We assume the underlying model takes the form y = f ( x ) + ε , where f ( x ) represents a latent function and ε ∼ N ( 0 , σ 2 ) is an independent and identically distributed noise contribution.
Methods.The learned model can then be used to make predictions at test indices x ∗ = { x i * } i = 1 N T (cycles at which we wish to estimate the capacity) for unknown observations y ∗ = { y i * } i = 1 N T , where N T is the number of test indices. In our case we are interested in extrapolation to forecast future values of capacity (and so the test indices are the future cycles up until the end of life (EoL)). The EoL is reached when the capacity drops below a predefined threshold denoted by y EoL ; the corresponding cycle number at which this occurs is denoted x EoL . Note that x EoL is a-priori unknown, we will infer it using our model.
Methods.We evaluate our methods using two different metrics, which reflect the quantities of interest in a practical application: the first is the root-mean-squared error (RMSE) in the capacity estimation, which we denote RMSE Q . At a given cycle, c, where we train using data up to the current cycle ( x = [ 1,2 , … c ] T ) and test on the remainder ( x * = [ c + 1 , c + 2 , … x EoL ] T ), RMSE Q is defined as (1) RMSE Q ( y i ˆ * , y i * ) = 1 N T ∑ i = 1 N T ( y i ˆ * − y i * ) 2 where y ˆ i is the estimate given data only up to and including c. By taking only one training proportion (i.e. a single value of c), we would obtain just a single RMSE Q value. This would run the risk of misrepresenting the true performance of the method over the full cycle-life. For instance, it would not be acceptable for the estimates to be accurate after the first 30 cycles are observed but to then diverge when the next 5 cycles are received. Hence, in order to thoroughly validate our methods, we test the performance using all values of c from 20% of the total number of cycles onwards. We thus obtain a value of RMSE Q at each cycle, and can plot RMSE Q vs. cycle (see later). This is in contrast to most previous studies, which use just a single arbitrary value of c.
Methods.The second metric is the RMSE in the EoL prediction, which we denote RMSE E o L . For each value of c, there is a single EoL prediction. Hence, we can compare the predictions at all c values against the true EoL to obtain a mean error, defined as (2) RMSE EoL ( x ˆ EoL , j * , x EoL * ) = 1 N c ∑ j = 1 N c ( x ˆ EoL , j * − x EoL * ) 2 where x ˆ EoL is the estimate given data only up to and including c, and N c is the number of cycles at which we test (i.e. the number of different values of c).
Methods.Note that this metric neglects the intermediate values of the capacity between the current cycle and the EoL. For instance, two cells could have very different capacity trajectories over the duration of their lives, whilst still reaching their EoL after a similar number of cycles. Hence, a good model should have low values of both of the above metrics.
Gaussian process regression.This section gives an overview of Gaussian process regression. For simplicity, our presentation assumes the inputs and outputs are scalar, since we only consider 1-D capacity vs. cycle data in this work. However, the analysis can easily be extended to multidimensional inputs, if desired. A more detailed presentation of Gaussian process regression (GPR) is given in Chapter 15 of , and a more comprehensive book on the topic is .
Gaussian process regression.A Gaussian process (GP) defines a probability distribution over functions, and is denoted as: (3) f ( x ) ∼ GP ( m ( x ) , κ ( x , x ′ ) ) , where m ( x ) and κ ( x , x ′ ) are the mean and covariance functions respectively, denoted by (4) m ( x ) = E [ f ( x ) ] , (5) κ ( x , x ′ ) = E [ ( f ( x ) − m ( x ) ) ( f ( x ′ ) − m ( x ′ ) ) T ] .
Gaussian process regression.For any finite collection of input points, say x = x 1 , … , x N D , this process defines a probability distribution p ( f ( x 1 ) , … , f ( x N D ) ) that is jointly Gaussian, with some mean m ( x ) and covariance K ( x ) given by K i j = κ ( x i , x j ) .
Gaussian process regression.Gaussian process regression is a way to undertake non-parametric regression with Gaussian processes. The key idea is that, rather than postulating a parametric form for the function f ( x , θ ) and estimating the parameters θ (as in parametric regression), we instead assume that the function f ( x ) is a sample from a Gaussian process as defined above.
Gaussian process regression.The most common choice of covariance function is the squared exponential (SE), defined by (6) κ SE ( x , x ′ ) = θ f 2 exp ( − 1 θ l 2 | | x − x ′ | | 2 ) .
Gaussian process regression.The covariance function parameters, 1 1 The term ‘non-parametric’ is evidently a misnomer since the covariance function contains parameters; however, these are technically hyperparameters  since they are the parameters of a prior function. θ f and θ l , control the y-scaling and x-scaling, respectively.
Gaussian process regression.The SE kernel is a stationary kernel, since the correlation between points is purely a function of the difference in their inputs, x − x ′ . We only consider stationary kernels in this work. The choice of the SE kernel makes the assumption that the function is very smooth (infinitely differentiable). This may be too strict a condition for many physical phenomena , and so a common alternative is the Matérn covariance class: (7) κ Ma ( x − x ′ ) = σ 2 2 1 − ν Γ ( ν ) ( 2 ν ( x − x ′ ) ρ ) ν R ν ( 2 ν ( x − x ′ ) ρ ) , where ν is a smoothness hyperparameter (larger ν implies smoother functions) and R ν is the modified Bessel function. This equation simplifies considerably for half-integer ν. The most common examples are ν = 5 / 2 and ν = 3 / 2 , which we denote as Ma5 and Ma3 in this work. The final covariance we consider in this paper is the periodic covariance, (8) κ Pe ( x , x ′ ) = θ f 2 exp ( − 2 θ l 2 sin 2 ( π x − x ′ p ) ) which is suitable for functions with periodic behaviour. The hyperparameter p is the period of f ( x ) .
Gaussian process regression.Compound kernels can be created by affine transformations of individual kernels. We limit our attention in this paper to addition of kernels, since these were found to be capable of expressing the structure of the battery data under study, and since they lead to greater ease of interpretation than multiplicative kernels. Ref.  provides a more detailed discussion of kernel composition and also addresses the issue of automating the choice of kernels. In summing kernels, the data are modelled as a superposition of independent functions. This can be interpreted as different processes operating at different input and/or output scales.
Gaussian process regression.The mean function is commonly defined as m ( x ) = 0 since the GP is flexible enough to model the true mean arbitrarily well. In Section 2.2, we consider parametric models (based on battery degradation models) for the mean function, such that the GP models only the residual errors.
Gaussian process regression.Now, if we observe a labelled training set of input-output pairs D = { ( x i , y i ) } i = 1 N D , predictions can be made at test indices x * by computing the conditional distribution p ( y * | x * , x , y ) . This can be obtained analytically by the standard rules for conditioning Gaussians , and (assuming a zero mean for notational simplicity) results in a Gaussian distribution given by: (9) p ( y * | x * , x , y ) = N ( y * | m * , Σ * ) where (10) m * = K ( x , x * ) T K ( x , x * ) − 1 y (11) Σ * = K ( x * , x * ) − K ( x , x * ) T K ( x , x * ) − 1 K ( x , x * ) .
Gaussian process regression.The values of the hyperparameters θ may be optimised by minimising the negative log marginal likelihood defined as NLML = − log p ( y | x , θ ) . The NLML automatically performs a trade-off between bias and variance, and hence avoids over-fitting to the data. Given an expression for the NLML and its derivative w.r.t θ (both of which can be obtained in closed form), we can estimate θ using any standard gradient-based optimizer. In our case, we used the GPML toolbox  implementation of conjugate gradients. Since the objective is not convex, local minima can be a problem. However, this was not an issue in the present study, as was verified by repeated diverse initialisations using Latin hypercube sampling  yielding identical results. Minimising the NLML further allows us to perform model selection, i.e. to choose the kernel function, not just the values of the hyperparameters for a given kernel function. Kernel function selection is perhaps the most important aspect of GP modelling, yet it has not been addressed in a principled manner in the aforementioned battery degradation literature [6,10,15].
Explicit mean functions.Explicit mean functions (EMFs), also referred to as explicit basis functions  or semi-parametric Gaussian processes , allow us to express prior information we may have about the expected functional form of the model. For instance, let's say we have a battery degradation model which predicts capacity fade of the form y = m ( x ; θ deg ) where θ deg are the parameters of the degradation model, but we believe that there may be other contributions to the battery capacity fade that the model does not account for. We can then model the capacity as the sum of a GP and the parametric model: (12) y = m ( x , θ deg ) + f ( x , θ ) + ε
Explicit mean functions.This formulation expresses that the data are close to the degradation model with the residuals being modelled by a GP (and a noise term). When fitting this model, we optimize over the degradation model parameters θ deg jointly with the hyperparameters θ of the covariance function.
Multi-output GPs.If we have capacity vs. cycle data for multiple batteries undergoing similar loading profiles, we may expect the capacity trends to be correlated. This prior assumption can be modelled using multi-output GPs. This section draws largely from previous works on multi-output GPs ; and further details of similar methods can be found in those works.
Multi-output GPs.A function with multiple outputs can be dealt with by treating it as having a single output and an additional input. This additional (discrete) input, l, can be thought of as a label for the associated output. Let's say we have m cells whose inputs and outputs are { x l , y l } l = 1 m , where { x l , y l } = { ( x i , y i ) } i = 1 N l , and N l is the number of training points associated with cell l. Each input of the multi-output model is then a 1 × 2 vector defined as x i , l = [ x l ( i ) , l ] , and this has an associated scalar output y i , l = y l ( i ) . Assuming, for notational simplicity, that all cells are observed at the same set of cycles and hence N l = n for all l, we can now write the entire set of inputs and outputs as X = { { x i , j } i = 1 n } l = 1 m and y = { { y i , j } i = 1 n } l = 1 m . A new covariance function can then be defined as the product of a label covariance and a standard covariance (13) κ MOGP ( x , x ′ , l , l ′ ) = κ l ( l , l ′ ) × κ x ( x , x ′ ) where κ l captures the correlation between outputs, and κ x is the covariance with respect to cycles for a given output. The covariance matrix for all n cells is then the m n × m n matrix defined by (14) K MOGP ( X , L , θ l , θ x ) = K l ( l , θ l ) ⊗ K x ( X , θ x ) where ⊗ is the Kronecker product, L = { l } j = 1 m , and θ l and θ x are the hyperparameters for K l and K x respectively. Note that the assumption that N l = n for all cells can easily be relaxed such that the model may be applied to problems with capacities observed at different cycles for each cell.
Multi-output GPs.Lastly, we parametrise the label covariance matrix using a spherical parametrisation scheme : (15) K l = S T S diag ( τ ) where τ = { τ l } l = 1 m is a vector of output scales corresponding to the different values of l, and S is an upper triangular matrix of size m × m , whose lth column contains the spherical coordinates in R l of a point on the hypersphere S l − 1 , followed by the requisite number of zeros. For example, S for a three dimensional space is (16) S = [ 1 cos ( ϕ 1 ) cos ( ϕ 1 ) 0 sin ( ϕ 1 ) sin ( ϕ 2 ) cos ( ϕ 3 ) 0 0 sin ( ϕ 2 ) sin ( ϕ 3 ) ]
Multi-output GPs.Note that this ensures that S T S has ones across its diagonal and hence all other entries may be thought of as akin to correlation coefficients, lying between − 1 and 1.
Multi-output GPs.The full set of hyperparameters, θ l , therefore consists of the values of ϕ l and τ l . If the output scales are expected to be the same for each cell (as we assume in the present work), then the values of τ l can be fixed to a single value, τ. In this case, the total number of hyperparameters required is 1 2 ( m + 1 ) .
Multi-output GPs.Once a suitable covariance has been defined, parametrisation and test prediction can be achieved in the same manner as that of single-output GPs, using optimisation of the NLML to select the hyperparameters of the joint covariance matrix. The advantage of the multi-output scheme is that similarities between cells can be captured (through the shared hyperparameters, θ x ), without imposing strict equivalence (through the cell-specific differences induced by the label hyperparameter, θ l ). We employ a standard implementation of this method, which scales as O ( m 3 n 3 ) . However, we note various different efficient/approximate schemes have been proposed in the literature, based on approximating input data with pseudo points , exploiting grid structure  and exploiting the recursivity of the estimation problem in online settings [22,26,27]; and these could be used if larger numbers of cells/training points were required.
Basic single-output GP – results.The first example we consider is a basic single-output GP with a constant prior mean set equal to the mean of the observed capacity data. The dataset considered consists of capacity vs. cycle data obtained from the NASA battery data repository (see Appendix A, and Fig. 1a). Here, we present the results for Cell A1, although similar results were obtained for Cells A2-A4.
Kernel function selection.It is apparent from Fig. 1a that the capacities experience a long-term downward trend with occasional, apparently discontinuous, step increases. In other words, they exhibit a combination of short- and long-term structure. The physical explanation for the short term jumps is not clear – it may in fact be an artefact of the measurement process. For instance, the data indicates that these increases tend to occur after long periods without cycling, possibly when reference tests were performed, which indicates that the capacity increase may be related to these pauses. In any case, accounting for these local variations by means of appropriate kernel function selection is essential since: (i) the capacity measurement provided in a real application could also manifest similar artefactual variations, and (ii) accounting for such artefacts is necessary in order to correctly express the uncertainty in subsequent measurements obtained via the same process.
Kernel function selection.In order to identify a suitable compound kernel function, we assessed 10 different compound kernels: namely, all possible pairs of the following base kernels: Matérn 5/2 (Ma5), Matérn 3/2 (Ma3), Squared Exponential (SE) and Periodic (Pe). The NLML of the GP when applied to the full capacity vs. cycle data was used to evaluate the kernel combinations. The ranking of these results is shown in the bar-plot of Fig. 2 . This plot shows that four combinations achieve an NLML between 527 and 530, and hence perform similarly well. The performance then drops off more rapidly for the subsequent 5 combinations, and finally the last combination (Pe + Pe, NLML = 97.1) performs significantly worse than the others. This is perhaps not surprising given the lack of any exactly periodic structure in the data, let alone a superposition of two periodic components.
Kernel function selection.Although Ma3+Ma3 was the highest ranked pair, it performed only marginally better than the second ranked pair, Ma5+Ma3 (red bar in Fig. 2). Hence we chose the latter for subsequent analysis because the contributions of each base kernel are easily interpretable.
Kernel function decomposition.In order to highlight the significance of kernel function selection, the posterior mean and covariance for selected kernel pairs are decomposed into their constituent contributions in Fig. 3 (using equations 2.17 and 2.18 from Ref. ).
Kernel function decomposition.Fig. 3a shows the decomposition of the selected Ma5+Ma3 kernel pair, evaluated using 55% of the cycle-capacity data and tested on the remainder. The sub-plots beneath each main plot show the individual contributions, including the noise covariance (which is implicitly included in each model). It can be seen that the Ma5 term captures the smooth long-term downward trend as desired, with an increasing uncertainty as it is projected into the future; the Ma3 term captures the short term variation; and the noise term models the remaining small scale variation in the data. As a result, the extrapolation performance at this particular cycle is quite good, as indicated by the close match between the mean prediction and the true data for the remaining cycles. Fig. 3b shows the result for a kernel pair which performed less well (NLML = 500, Fig. 2). In this case, the long-term trend is captured by the periodic component, whilst the Ma5 term is forced to model the short term variation. This indicates that there is little actual periodic structure present in the data, since the optimised length-scale of the periodic term is similar to the time-scale of the data, and hence only half a cycle of the periodic term is modelled. The predictions from this model indicate that the capacity will increase in the subsequent 100 cycles, before decreasing again and then repeating this behaviour periodically, which is clearly unrealistic. Finally, Fig. 3c shows the decomposition of a singleton SE kernel function (i.e. not the sum of two base kernels). In this case, the SE term is forced to try to model both the long and short term trends in the data. This results in the long-term trends being heavily influenced by the short term variations. Hence, when the short term step increase at ∼ cycle 90 is reached, the model predicts a smooth increase (then subsequent decrease) in the gradient, which is unrepresentative of the data. Moreover, there is obvious structure still present in the noise contribution (bottom sub-plot), which indicates that not all of the structure in the data has been captured by the model. Both of these attributes are clearly undesirable and lead to poor extrapolation performance.
Short-term lookahead prediction.Having selected a suitable kernel function, we now investigate the extrapolation performance using training data up to various different current cycles, c. Fig. 4 shows the performance of the method for n-step lookahead forecasting. Fig. 4a shows the posterior mean and covariance using prediction horizons of 5, 10, 20 and 40 cycles. For each cycle number, the posterior is obtained using data up to the current cycle, and the mean and standard deviation are evaluated at the cycle n steps ahead of the current cycle. This is repeated at every cycle up until the vertical dashed line (equal to the number of the last cycle minus the size of the prediction horizon). Hence, the posterior mean and variance shown in the plots is the amalgamated posterior from all of these cycles.
Short-term lookahead prediction.The plots show that the method is highly accurate for relatively small n but that the performance diminishes as n is increased. This is hardly surprising given that we have no a-priori reason to believe that the capacity data up to a given cycle has strong predictive capabilities for distant future cycles.
Short-term lookahead prediction.However, it is clear that the principled selection of the kernel function has been advantageous, since the method clearly outperforms the singleton Ma5 GP. Fig. 4b shows box-plots of the extrapolation error for various prediction horizons for the Ma5-Ma3 GP, whilst Fig. 4c shows the same data for the singleton Ma5 GP. Lastly, we evaluated a more conventional time-series approach, an autoregressive moving average of order 10 (i.e. using the 10 most recent data-points for training at each cycle), which is shown in Fig. 4c.
Short-term lookahead prediction.The Ma5+Ma3 GP has the best performance of these three, as shown by Fig. 4e which plots the RMSE against prediction horizon of each of the three cases on a single axis for ease of comparison. This can be attributed to the fact that the additive kernels are capable of handling the processes of different scales – with the short term variation being handled by one of the constituent kernels and the long-term downward trend by the other.
Remaining useful life prediction.Depending on the requirements of the system, predicting future capacity 10 cycles ahead with reasonable accuracy may be sufficient to facilitate corrective action. In some cases, however, it may be desirable to accurately estimate the remaining useful life (RUL) from the earliest stage possible, in which case accurate long-term prediction is important.
Remaining useful life prediction.Fig. 5 shows the performance of the method for estimating the end of life (EoL) at three different current cycle values. The method shows some desirable properties, such as converging to the correct EoL estimate as more training data are acquired and having large credible intervals when the extrapolation is far into the future. It also outperforms the baseline autoregressive model. However, the EoL predictions are poor at the initial cycles when there are limited training data available. For instance, it can be seen from Fig. 5a–b that the EoL is first severely over-estimated and then severely underestimated as new data are received. This results in only moderate overall performance as indicated by the corresponding RMSE EoL values (see inset of Fig. 5d). This plot also shows the credibility intervals in the EoL estimate. These were obtained by extrapolating the upper and lower confidence intervals in the capacity estimates until they reached the EoL value. In some cases the upper confidence interval never crosses the lower threshold and hence the upper EoL estimate is very large or infinite (extending beyond the upper limit of the y-axis in this plot). This is an unfortunate consequence of the fact that the model is not restricted to be monotonic, as we discuss in Section 6. However, it is promising that from about a third of the training data onwards, the true EoL estimate always remains within the lower confidence interval.
Encoding exponential degradation via EMFs – results.In order to improve the long term predictive forecasts, we now consider a single-output GP with an explicit mean function based on a battery degradation model from the literature. The dataset in this case consists of capacity vs. cycle data extracted from Ref.  (see Appendix A, and Fig. 1b). Here, we apply the method to Cell B3 since this exhibits the greatest deviation from the exact exponential decay behaviour of the model, and hence benefits most from the additional non-parametric contributions provided by the GP.
Encoding exponential degradation via EMFs – results.We use an explicit mean function of the form m ( x ) = a 1 + a 2 exp ( a 3 x ) . The model parameters are thus given by θ deg = [ a 1 , a 2 , a 3 ] . This function is equivalent to the degradation model used by Goebel et al. . It could also be viewed as a special case of the three-parameter degradation model used by Wang et al.  with the “empirical factor” set to zero (i.e. g = 0 in Eq. (21) of ).
Encoding exponential degradation via EMFs – results.We consider three different GP models: a. y = f ( x ) + m ( x ) , where f ( x ) ∼ G P ( 0 , κ Ma 3 ) b. y = f ( x ) + m ( x ) , where f ( x ) = ε ∼ G P ( 0 , κ noise ) c. y ∼ G P ( 0 , κ Ma 5 + Ma 3 ).y = f ( x ) + m ( x ) , where f ( x ) ∼ G P ( 0 , κ Ma 3 ).y = f ( x ) + m ( x ) , where f ( x ) = ε ∼ G P ( 0 , κ noise ).y ∼ G P ( 0 , κ Ma 5 + Ma 3 )
Encoding exponential degradation via EMFs – results.Model (a) assumes that the response consists of the specified exponential mean function plus a GP with Ma3 covariance. Model (b) is identical to (a) but with a noise covariance; since the covariance is simply white noise, this is essentially just a parametric model. Model (c) is the basic GP that gave best results in the previous section (i.e. with a zero mean function but with a covariance function consisting of a sum of Ma5 and Ma3 terms).
Encoding exponential degradation via EMFs – results.Fig. 6 shows the posterior predictions at two arbitrarily chosen cycles (top) and the estimated EoL (bottom) for each of the three cases.
Encoding exponential degradation via EMFs – results.It can be seen from this figure that model (c) performs poorly in the region of ∼ 60 cycles, where the capacity temporarily levels off. This is because the model has no prior assumption encoded about the degradation behaviour (other than the smoothness assumptions encoded by the covariance) and hence, when only the data up until this time step are used for training, it predicts a subsequent upwards trend in the capacity. This can be seen from the bottom plot of Fig. 6c in the same region, which shows that the EoL prediction extends beyond the upper limit of the y-axis. In contrast, models (a) and (b) cope with this temporary stationary behaviour and correctly predict a continuing exponential degradation for subsequent time steps. As a result of this, models (a) and (b) also have lower overall RMSE EoL values than model (c). Hence, these results show that the use of an explicit mean function improves the overall accuracy of the EoL predictions.
Encoding exponential degradation via EMFs – results.Comparing model (a) against model (b), we can see the advantage of using a GP model over a purely parametric model. Since model (b) assumes that any deviation from the exponential model must be noise (since the kernel function is defined to be white noise), the optimised noise parameter becomes quite large and the credible interval increases to encompass the spread in observed capacities. In contrast, model (a) models the deviations with an Ma3 kernel, and hence can fit the non-exponential trend quite well, whilst maintaining a sensible assumption for the noise levels.
Encoding exponential degradation via EMFs – results.Lastly, it should be noted that models (a) and (b) are both overconfident in their predictions (the credibility intervals in the EoL estimation in the bottom plots are too narrow and do not encompass the true EoL for most of the training proportions). Moreover, in some cases the uncertainty is seen to decrease with increasing cycle number, in particular in model (b). This is obviously not desirable behaviour and is an indication that the assumption of the functional form of the underlying model (i.e. the exponential degradation model) is not entirely valid for this data.
Capturing cell-to-cell correlations via multi-output GPs – results.The final example we consider is a multi-output GP. The dataset in this case consists of capacity vs. time data from three cells with randomized load profiles (see A, and Fig. 1c). Since the cell cycling is randomized, a parametric degradation model (which is a function of the number of cycles) would be unsuitable. Hence, we rely on exploiting data from existing cells to improve the long-term forecast. We apply the method to cell C3 using data from cells C1 and/or C2 for training as follows.
Capturing cell-to-cell correlations via multi-output GPs – results.We considered four different models: a. A multi-output GP with 3-outputs: the capacity data for cells C1-C3. The model is trained on all capacity data for cells C1 and C2, along with data up until the current cycle for cell C3, in the same manner as the previous test cases. b. A multi-output GP with 2-outputs: the capacity data for cells C1 and C3 (omitting C2). The model is trained on all of the capacity data for cell C1, along with data up until the current cycle for cell C3 as before. c. A multi-output GP with 2-outputs as in (b) but provided with data from C2 instead of C1. d. A standard single-output GP trained using just data up to the current cycle for C3.
turing cell-to-cell correlations via multi-output GPs – results.The multi-output models were defined as described in Section 2.3, with the κ MOGP = κ l × κ x where κ l is the label covariance matrix (Eq. (15)), and κ x = κ Ma 5 + Ma 3 . The covariance of the single output model was simply κ = κ x = κ Ma 5 + Ma 3 .
Capturing cell-to-cell correlations via multi-output GPs – results.The training data and results for these four cases are shown in Fig. 7 . Fig. 7a–d shows the data used for training at a selected time step (top), the posterior predictions at the corresponding time step (middle), and the estimated EoL as a function of the number of cycles of cell C3 training data used (bottom) for each of the four cases. Fig. 7e–g shows summary statistics for all four cases: Fig. 7e shows RMSE Q as a function of the proportion of the training data (for cell C3) used. Fig. 7f shows a boxplot of the same data. Fig. 7g shows a bar plot of RMSE EoL .
Capturing cell-to-cell correlations via multi-output GPs – results.It can be seen from these results that the multi-output models (a-c) have better predictive performance than the single output model (d). For instance, in the middle subplots in Fig. 7a–d (which show the posterior prediction at 75 days), all of the multi-output models accurately track the future capacity up until the predicted EoL, whereas the single output method does not anticipate the sudden drop in capacity at ∼ 125 days, and hence over-predicts the subsequent capacity. Indeed, the estimates of the EoL of cell C3 are quite accurate throughout the entire range of training data (bottom subplots) for the multi-output methods, but are shown to fluctuate significantly as additional training data are received in the single-output case. This is also reflected in the overall RMSE Q and RMSE EoL values depicted in Fig. 7e–g.
Capturing cell-to-cell correlations via multi-output GPs – results.Interestingly, there are significant differences in the performance of models b and c (which are both two output models); for instance, model b, which is trained on cell C1, has an RMSE EoL of 18.1, whereas model c, which is trained on cell C2, has an RMSE EoL of 4.86. Likewise, there is greater uncertainty (larger error bounds) in the posterior predictions of model b than those of model c (see e.g. middle subplots of Fig. 7b and c). This indicates that the capacity trend of cell C3 shares a stronger correlation with that of cell C2 than that of cell C1.
Capturing cell-to-cell correlations via multi-output GPs – results.It is perhaps even more interesting to note that model a (which has 3-outputs) is not negatively affected by the inclusion of data from Cell 1. Rather, the model naturally puts more weight on the data from cell C2 (than from cell C1) since this shows a stronger correlation with cell C3. As a result, the performance of model a turns out to be superior to either model b or model c in this case (Fig. 7f–g).
Capturing cell-to-cell correlations via multi-output GPs – results.There are a number of obvious caveats to be aware of in the present case: the method has performed particularly well here because the dataset consists of cells cycled under the same thermal conditions with statistically equivalent applied current profiles. 2 2 Note that the applied current profiles are generated by a stochastic algorithm  and hence they are not identical from cell to cell. However, since the algorithm is the same for each cell, the global properties of these current profiles are the same, and so they manifest similar degradation behaviour. Hence, there were strong correlations between the data for these cells. Whilst this could occur in practice in some limited cases (for instance, multiple cells in a pack could experience the same conditions), in most cases of interest we would wish to use data from identical cells but cycled under differing conditions. The method could of course be extended to account for such differences by including additional inputs, such as temperature or depth of discharge, although this would require data from many more cells to cover a broad range of operating conditions. For such (larger) datasets, more efficient implementation methods must be used, such as those discussed in Section 2.3.
Capturing cell-to-cell correlations via multi-output GPs – results.However, the present results indicate that the multi-output method has promise. In particular, it is favourable over previous GP capacity estimation methods that use data from identical cells, which merely identify an optimal prior estimate for the parameters of a parametric model, which are then updated sequentially . In such a setting the advantage of the prior information is quickly lost. In contrast, the present method exploits correlations in cell behaviour over the duration of the cell life, which leads to the improved results obtained here.
Conclusions.This paper has demonstrated the applicability of GPs to battery capacity forecasting, and highlighted some of their key advantages for this application. We have shown the advantage of using compound kernel functions for capturing complex behaviour and highlighted the importance of proper kernel function selection by means of optimising w.r.t. the NLML. We have shown that using an explicit mean function based on known degradation models, it is possible to improve the predictive performance of the baseline GP. Indeed, we argue that one should never just consider a purely data-driven approach if prior information on the functional form of the underlying model is available; or a purely parametric approach if the model information is not known with certainty, since in either case one would be neglecting a valuable source of information. Lastly, we have shown that multi-output models can effectively exploit data from multiple cells to significantly improve forecasting performance. The main bottleneck of this approach is the computational cost of handling large numbers of outputs; although we applied this method to a small dataset of just 3 cells in the present case, efficient approaches exist which allow scaling to very large numbers of outputs.
Conclusions.The present work aims to highlight just some of the advantages of GPs. Several extensions/variations on this work are also possible. For instance: • We know a-priori that the normalised cell capacity must take a value between 0 and 1. In the present work, this is not enforced and at times the GP may predict values outside of this range (in particular for single-output GPs with limited training data). One way to enforce positive values is to apply a logit-transform to the data as a pre-processing step and apply a GP to the resulting data, then reverse transform the result. • The notion that the future capacity depends only on the past values is naïve. A more comprehensive study could include DoD, temperature, idle time etc. as inputs. Whilst such dependencies have been considered in a parametric framework in previous works (e.g. Ref. ), the application in a GP framework has not yet been considered. Such an approach would require data from many more cells to cover a broad range of operating conditions. • Cells often exhibit regime changes during aging (e.g. a transition from a linear capacity vs. cycle trend to a non-linear regime with accelerated aging ). GPs have the capability to account for such transitions; specifically, change-point kernels  could be used to locate change points in an online manner, and hence more accurately model the regimes before and after a transition than would be possible with a single model over the entire domain. • The GP framework could also be applied using higher dimensional input data, such as open circuit voltage curves or electrochemical impedance spectra acquired at periodic cycles.
Data.The datasets (Fig. 1) consist of capacity vs. cycle data obtained from either open-access NASA repositories or extracted directly from the plots in previous papers. In each of these cases, the results obtained from a single selected cell were presented in this paper; similar results were obtained for the other cells in each dataset, but for brevity these were not presented.
Data.Dataset A is obtained from the NASA Ames Prognostics Center of Excellence Battery Data Set . The experiments consisted of applying several charge-discharge cycles to a number of commercially available 18650 lithium-ion cells at room temperature in order to achieve accelerated aging. Charging was carried out via a constant-current, constant-voltage regime: charging at constant current at 1.5 A until the voltage reached the cell upper voltage limit of 4.2 V, then applying a constant voltage until the current dropped to 20 mA. Discharging was carried out at a constant current of 2 A until the cell voltage fell to 2.7 V, 2.5 V, 2.2 V, and 2.5 V for batteries 5, 6, 7, and 18, respectively. The experiments were stopped when the batteries had lost 30% of the initial capacity. Additional data (including temperature and electrochemical impedance) are also provided in the online repository, although these were not used in the present study. Full details of the experiments are available in Ref. .
Data.Batteries 5, 6, 7, and 18 (in the numbering of the online repository) were chosen to be analysed in the present work, since these have the most data-points; and because they have previously been chosen for analysis in earlier works , and hence the present selection facilitates a comparison with those works. For consistency, these cells are labelled as A1, A2, A3 and A4 respectively in the present paper (Fig. 1a). The results for Cell A1 are presented in Section 3.
Data.Dataset B was obtained by manually extracting the data from the capacity vs. cycle plots in Fig. 1 of Ref. , using Matlab GRABIT (a tool for extracting raw data from plot images). These data were originally obtained from charge-discharge experiments on a 0.9 Ah lithium-ion cell. The discharge rate was 0.45 A and the currents were cut off at the upper and lower voltage limits specified by the battery manufacturer. Further details of the experiments are available in Ref. . These cells are denoted B1, B2, B3 and B4 in the present paper (Fig. 1b). The results for Cell B3 are presented in Section 4.
Data.Dataset C is obtained from the NASA Ames Prognostics Center of Excellence Randomized Battery Usage Data Set . The experiments consisted of applying randomized sequences of current loads ranging from 0.5 A to 4 A to a number of LG Chem. 18650 lithium-ion cells at a range of environmentally controlled temperatures in order to achieve accelerated aging. The sequence was randomized in order to better represent practical battery usage. After every fifty randomized discharging cycles, the capacity was measured via a low-rate charge-discharge cycle, and the electrochemical impedance were measured via an EIS sweep. The experiments are described in detail in Ref. .
Data.The first three cells from Dataset 1, denoted RW9, RW10 and RW11 (in the numbering and labelling of the online repository) were chosen for analysis. These cells were cycled at room temperature and express highly non-linear and non-parametric behaviour. The cells are labelled as C1, C2 and C3 in the present paper (Fig. 1c). The results for Cell C1 are presented in Section 5.
trapping ability. The higher contribution of specific adsorption of ions or solvated ions to the Helmholtz layer capacitance of the mesoporous structure in the charged state is likely to be consistent with the increased ion-trapping ability of mesopores represented by increased diffusion resistance. Moreover, the electric field to form the Helmholtz layer was estimated to be mitigated by the additional allocation of potential for R bulk, which was larger than that for microporous RP25. Thus, a higher contribution of specific adsorption was observed on KLM than on RP25. The low mobility of EMIm+ and BF4 − in mesopores in approaching the pore surface is presumed to be more pronounced in the neat electrolyte than in the diluted electrolyte owing to the viscosity difference, suppressing the rate performance of the mesoporous AC in the neat EMIm·BF4.
Microporosity and mesoporosity of ACs in neat and dilute EMIm·BF.Previously, the introduction of mesopores into a microporous structure to retain the capacitive performance under high ionic transfer has been demonstrated, based on their broader path provision, to promote the transportation of ions or to alleviate micropore blockages [26,63,64]. However, from the present study, it is concluded that a mesopore-dominated structure is not effective to retain the capacitive performance, particularly in the discharged state.
Conclusions.Many experimental results have been acquired to understand the behaviors of EMIm+ and BF4 − in the electrode pores in relation to the capacitive and resistive performances of EDLC cells. The specific capacitance and the ESR of the mesoporous structure have been shown to be highly dependent on the rate of ionic transfer. A mesoporous structure under lower cell voltage showed very low specific capacitance and very large ESR, which were independent of the electrolyte dilution and could only be alleviated by increasing the cell voltage. Considerable bulk electrolyte resistance was observed for the discharged mesoporous structure, and the resistive contribution of the diffusion layer in the mesoporous structure was lower than that in the microporous structure.
Conclusions.Results suggested that a larger pore–wall distance of mesopores reduces the ability to retain ions within the pores, leading to lowering of mesopore-filling of ions and to disordering and congestion of ions. The considerable bulk electrolyte resistance of the non-charged mesoporous structure as well as the higher bulk electrolyte resistance of neat EMIm·BF4 could be rationalized in terms of the lower mobility of EMIm+ and BF4 − in mesopores under lower electric field. The lower resistive contribution of the diffusion layer in the mesoporous structure could also be attributed to the lower ion-trapping ability of the mesopores. Owing to the higher viscosity of neat EMIm·BF4, the lower mobility of EMIm+ and BF4 − in the mesopores in approaching the pore surface suppressed the rate performance. Co-existence of micropores and mesopores, and their size distribution optimization, have been found to be important to exploit the maximum potential of EMIm·BF4 as an EDLC electrolyte.
Introduction.The auto companies are choosing lithium ion batteries for most of their electric vehicles designed for the marketplace. The success of these vehicles depends in large part on the performance and cost of the battery pack. Argonne's BatPaC spreadsheet modeling tool helps design an automotive battery pack based on the power and energy needs, given the cell chemistry and subject to the constraints of the application (e.g., nominal voltage, pack dimensions, etc.) The pack cost is then calculated based on a defined manufacturing process and production volume. A longer driving range requires a larger (capacity) battery and hence more of the active material. BatPaC calculations show that the cost of the positive active material represents a significant portion of the cost of the battery pack in an electric vehicle (EV) as shown in Table 1 . An uncertainty of $2/kg in the purchase price of LiNi1/3Mn1/3Co1/3O2 (NMC333) makes a difference of $172 (8%) in the cost of the purchased cathode active material, and $184 (2.3%) in the cost of a 60-kWh battery pack.
Introduction.The U.S. Department of Energy has sponsored the development of materials and manufacturing technology to reach a battery selling price of $125 per useable kWh to a vehicle manufacturer for an electric vehicle that will utilize 45 kWh of useable energy . BatPaC provides an estimate of the breakdown of the costs of the battery pack based on consultations with experts in the field . A more rigorous study of the major cost contributors, such as the cathode active material identified by BatPaC, can help illuminate and provide insight on what issues are limiting the reduction in cost. A further benefit of such an analysis is that it provides a quantification of the energy and resource (natural gas, electricity, water, etc.) needs of the process.
Introduction.The objective of this work is to estimate the energy demands of producing the active material used in the cathode of lithium ion batteries and to estimate the cost of production.
Approach.A process diagram has been set up to describe the steps in the production process and a spreadsheet model is used to conduct the material and energy balance for the process. The process conditions are input into the spreadsheet to calculate the energy and utility needs. Capital costs for the equipment are obtained from a combination of public sources and expert opinions. The cost of the key raw materials, the compounds containing the nickel, manganese, cobalt and lithium are estimated from the commodity metal prices by assuming that each g-mol of the substrate material costs the same as a g-atom of the metal (e.g., 155 g of CoSO4 costs the same as 59 g of Co) This assumption is based on the consideration that extracting the metal from the ore or a salt requires some additional processing (e.g., electrochemical) cost. The cost of production is calculated using an algorithm proposed by Peters et. al. (2003) .
The production process.The process for the production of the desired oxide (Li a Ni x Mn y Co z O2) begins with the reaction of solutions of the substrates, e.g., MSO4, M = Ni, Mn, or Co, reacting with a carbonate or a hydroxide to produce the corresponding carbonate or hydroxide co-precipitates . (1) MSO4 + Na2CO3 = MCO3↓ + Na2SO4 (2) MSO4 + 2NaOH = M(OH)2↓ + Na2SO4
The production process.This paper primarily refers to the carbonate pathway, with a brief discussion on the hydroxide pathway in a later section.
The production process.The dried carbonate powder is then mixed with lithium carbonate or hydroxide and calcined to produce the desired oxide. (3) NiCO3 + MnCO3 + CoCO3 + Li2CO3 + O2 → LiaNi x Mn y Co z O2 + CO2
The production process.The heat of reaction for equation (3) was estimated based on the conversion of the carbonates (MCO3, Li2CO3) to oxides (MO, Li2O), and then using the heat of formation of LiMO2 from the oxides (Wang et. al. ) as an approximation.
The production process.Fig. 1 shows a schematic of the process for the production of a lithium-nickel-manganese-cobalt oxide (NMC). The solution of sulfates is reacted with the carbonate solution in a continuous stirred tank reactor (CSTR) maintained at a desired pH with the addition of a hydroxide solution in a reactor maintained at 45–95 °C. The required residence time in the reactor is typically 10 h. The reaction itself is exothermic, but the heat needed to elevate the temperature of the feeds to the reaction temperature for the base case scenario of 95 °C is nearly three times the heat of reaction. The thermal management is simplified by introducing the feed solutions at a temperature lower than that of the reactor such that the heat of reaction allows the reactor to be maintained at the desired or specified temperature.
The production process.The product stream, a slurry of solid precipitates in a solution, is phase separated, and then filtered and washed several times. The filtration may be done in a rotary vacuum filter followed by drying in a spray dryer. The dried powder is milled to the desired particle size, and then mixed with lithium carbonate. The mixture is then sintered in a kiln or furnace at temperatures of 500–1000 °C. Table 2 lists the input parameters used for the calculations for a base case set of conditions, where the production rate of 6500 kg per day is approximately the demand for a battery manufacturing plant producing 100,000 packs per day of 10 kWh Plug-In Hybrid Electric Vehicles (PHEV) batteries.
Process material and energy needs.The production of the NMC333 begins with a daily demand of approximately 4005, 3910, and 4010 kg per day of sulfates of nickel, manganese, and cobalt, respectively. These sulfates react with 8235 kg per day of sodium carbonate to produce the corresponding carbonate, which are then finally reacted with 2600 kg per day of lithium carbonate to produce the desired lithiated nickel manganese cobalt oxide. The liquid phase co-precipitation CSTR requires 13,750 gal per day of process water. Another 12,500 gal per day of process water is again consumed in washing away the dissolved sulfates and carbonates from the precipitates.
Process material and energy needs.The feed water to the CSTR has to be heated from ambient (assumed 20 °C) conditions to a temperature close to that of the reactor such that the exothermic heat of reaction (72 kW) elevates the product temperature to the desired reactor temperature. For the base case specification of 95 °C reactor/product temperature, and assuming little heat loss, the feed streams to the reactor should be preheated to 68 °C, requiring a heating load of 131 kW.
Process material and energy needs.Heat is needed in the dryer – assuming a 10 wt% water content in the filter cake, the water vaporization requires 33 kW. The largest energy demand in the process is at the sintering kiln, assumed to operate at a peak temperature of 950 °C for the base case scenario, requiring at least 236 kW, which includes the heating up of the solid reactants (116 kW), heating up of the powder containment vessels or saggars (35 kW), and the heat of reaction (85 kW). The kiln is typically electrically powered with rated power capacities of up to 1000 kW, which is several times the total value derived from the calculated preheating and heat of reactions.
Process material and energy needs.The total electrical power load, which is dominated by the kiln and includes other smaller loads such as for the pumps and motors (e.g., for agitation equipment) is 1030 kW. At 5 cents per kWh, the cost of electricity is close to $400,000 per year.
Process material and energy needs.The total thermal and electric power requirement for the process is approximately 1052 kW or 25,248 kWh per day for the plant producing 6500 kg per day of NMC333, or ∼3.9 kWh per kgNMC333.
Process material and energy needs.The 1019 kW of electricity (24,456 kWh per day) and 33 kW (792 kWh per day, 27 therms of natural gas) of heat from natural gas is equivalent to 17.3 MT day−1  of CO2 equivalent greenhouse gas emissions. The power and energy estimates above do not include any efficiency losses associated with the generation, transmission, or recovery. Table 3 shows the material and energy needs in the plant.
Cost of product.The cost of delivered capital equipment is estimated at $6.5 M, where the most expensive item is the kiln and saggar handling equipment. The cost of utilities – natural gas, electricity, process and cooling water, is estimated at $400,000 per year. The total cost of raw materials is estimated at $26 M per year, as shown in Table 4 . The labor cost is based on 17 semi-skilled workers totaling to 408 man-hours per day, at an average rate of $20 per hour. The depreciation is calculated using the straight line method over the life of the plant.
Cost of product.The price of the nickel, manganese, and cobalt sulfates have been calculated from the commodity price  of the metal, where it is assumed that the price of the sulfate (g-mole) is the same at that of a g-atom of the metal. The cost of the key raw materials are as shown in Table 5 .
Cost of product.The cost of the product NMC material was calculated using an algorithm proposed by Peters et. al  as shown in Table 6 . Using the estimated values shown in column 2, the cost of the product NMC333 was calculated to be $23.0 per kg.
Cost of product.To gain perspective on the effect of inaccuracies in the assumed values in preparing the estimate, an alternative estimate was obtained by using a range of the percentages for the parameters in Table 6, which are shown in column 4. A random number generator was used to generate a percentage value within the range for each cost item to calculate the cost of dry room operations. This was repeated 2000 times, to yield an average value of $27.4 per kg, with a standard deviation of $2.4 per kg. The results were spread between a maximum and minimum of $37 and $21, respectively.
Water use in the CSTR.With a liquid phase reaction in the mixed reactor, the amount of water use has some impact on the operations. Varying the water feed rate (i.e., the concentration of the reactants entering the reactor) changes the size of the reactor, the amount of ammonium hydroxide needed to maintain the specified reactor pH at 8, changes the feed temperature required to maintain the specified exit temperature, and the energy demand. Lower water usage, as might be expected, leads to a lower cost. Fig. 2 shows the effect of the feed rate of water into the reactor on the total water demand and the total energy demand for the process. Since the feed water represents ∼50% of the total water demand, the slope of the water curve is significant. The energy impact, as indicated by the low slope, is not significant because the overwhelming energy demand for the process is at the kiln. Table 7 summarizes some of these results. A 5-fold increase in reactor water leads to less than 3% increase in the product cost. Ultimately, the product quality requirement i.e., morphology of the precipitate (not predicted in this model) determines the amount of water usage in the CSTR.
Effect of water content on dryer energy needs.The energy required to vaporize the water in the dryer is directly proportional to the water content in the wet filter cake. Fig. 3 shows the energy requirement changing with the wt.% of water in the cake.
Effect of water content on dryer energy needs.A larger, slower, more expensive filter can reduce the water content in the filter cake and reduce the size, cost, and heat demand in the vacuum dryer. There is an opportunity to optimize the two steps with the availability of more load sensitive capital cost data for the filter and dryer. While the effect on the process' energy demand is not negligible, the impact of the water content in the filter cake on the cost has a very small effect since the energy cost contributes less than 1% to the cost of the final product.
Varying the CSTR and Kiln temperatures.As shown in Table 3, for a reactor/product temperature specification of 95 °C, the feed streams into the reactor need to enter at 68 °C. Assuming no heat loss from the reactor, the heat of reaction is just sufficient to raise the temperature (ΔT) of the mixed reactor by 27 centigrade degrees. At the higher temperature range, where the water vapor pressures are high, there will be a cooling effect due to vaporization which will require a lower ΔT, i.e., a higher feed temperature. Conversely, at low reactor temperatures, say 40 °C, the feed temperature would need to be 13 °C. If this is lower than the ambient temperature, then either the feed streams or the reactor will need to be cooled. In the 40 °C reactor setting, if the ambient temperature of the water and solids is 20 °C, then the cooling load for the reactants or the reactor will be 17 kW.
Varying the CSTR and Kiln temperatures.Varying the kiln temperature affects the minimum heat loads to raise the temperature of the reactants. Raising the kiln peak temperature from 450 to 950 °C, increases the preheating load (powder reactants and saggars) from 70 to 151 kW. This difference is small in relation to the total energy demand of the kiln.
Varying the CSTR and Kiln temperatures.As with the discussion on the amount of water used, the effects of the reactor and kiln temperatures have qualitative effects on the product morphology, which is not accounted for or predicted in this study.
Parametric sensitivity.The model includes a number of parameters that can affect the final cost of the product. Fig. 4 shows the sensitivity of the cost of the NMC333 (CO3 path) to a 20% change in the value of 5 process parameters. Of the variables shown, the largest impact is due to the cost of the raw materials with a 14% change in response. This is consistent with the discussion earlier (Table 4) where the raw materials were found to contribute 54% of the annual cost of the product. Next in sensitivity is the cost of production capacity, where a 20% change results between 4 and 7% in the cost of the product. The effects of the cost of plant life, labor, and purchased equipment are as shown in the figure.
NMC via the hydroxide pathway.If the initial NMC sulfates are reacted with an alkali such as NaOH as shown in reaction (2) to precipitate the corresponding hydroxides , there would be some small changes in the energy and cost estimates. The principal difference comes from the stoichiometric ratios of the reactants in Eqns. (1) and (2). With twice the mols of NaOH needed per sulfate, and if the molar concentration of the hydroxide is maintained the same (base case uses 2 M), then the water requirement doubles and increases the sizes of some of the components and energy needs (e.g., reactor, etc.). These effects are summarized below. - The OH pathway requires more water in the feeds, mainly because the mols of sodium hydroxide needed is double that of the sodium carbonate, requiring additional water to maintain the same molar concentration. The additional water increases the energy demand at subsequent locations. ○ The CSTR volume and agitation energy increases by more than 70%. ○ The heat of reaction is higher for the OH pathway, requiring the feed streams to enter the CSTR at a lower temperature. - The heat of reaction in the sintering kiln is significantly lower than for the CO3 pathway, but this is inconsequential since the kiln energy demand is determined more by heat losses resulting from long residence time and temperature of the kiln. - The overall energy demand is essentially the same for the two processes. - The cost of the NMC product via the OH path, is higher than via the CO3 path. (Assuming NaOH = $0.35 per kg, Na2CO3 = $0.3 per kg).
.The OH pathway requires more water in the feeds, mainly because the mols of sodium hydroxide needed is double that of the sodium carbonate, requiring additional water to maintain the same molar concentration. The additional water increases the energy demand at subsequent locations. ○ The CSTR volume and agitation energy increases by more than 70%. ○ The heat of reaction is higher for the OH pathway, requiring the feed streams to enter the CSTR at a lower temperature.
NMC via the hydroxide pathway.Table 8 tabulates the water need, the energy demand, and cost for the OH pathway. The first two columns compare the two pathways. The additional water use in the OH process leads to a higher cost and energy demand. The cost of the product via the OH path is quite sensitive to the water usage since it affects the sizes of the mixers, reactor, filter, and dryer and therefore the capital cost. However, as shown in the fourth column, using a higher concentration (4 M) solution of NaOH (i.e., same amount of water as in the Na2CO3 solution in the CO3 process, column 3) leads to a reduction in energy and cost relative to the other columns.
Achieving battery cost targets.Reviewing the metals cost in Table 5, it is apparent that cobalt is the most expensive metal in the cathode material. This offers the incentive to revisit the proportions of nickel, cobalt, and manganese in the cathode material, to trade off some of the benefits of cobalt (high conductivity) with the lower cost of nickel (higher voltage but very reactive with the electrolyte). Adding more nickel to the layered oxides also has the benefit of increasing the quantity of lithium ions that can be reversible (de)intercalated from the structure at the same cut-off voltage. This drives the technology toward alternative compositions such as NMC622, NMC532, etc. which are being introduced in the new generation of batteries. The model was exercised to estimate the cost of products with other combinations of nickel, manganese, and cobalt, while stipulating that the process water used for the process remains the same. Table 9 shows the results of these calculations, indicating that the energy demand remains similar while the cost of production show some variability depending on the relative proportions of the metals.
Achieving battery cost targets.The BatPaC model was used to estimate the cost of battery packs (60 kWhTotal, 51 kWhUseable, 120 kW) as a function of the cost of NMC532, as shown in Fig. 5 . The two curves represent plant production capacities of 300,000 and 500,000 packs per year. The DOE cost target for automotive batteries of $125 per kWh of useable energy can be met if the price (say 10% added to the cost of production) of NMC532 can be reduced to $10.5 at a production capacity of 500,000 packs per year.
Achieving battery cost targets.The results of Fig. 5 raises the question about the potential options or developments that can drive down the cost of the cathode material. Fig. 6 shows a combination of factors that can lead to the targeted battery pack cost to vehicle manufacturer. The price of the starting material is NMC333 is $25.34 per kg (10% profit added to the cost of the product, $23.04 per kg). Switching the cathode material composition from NMC333 to NMC532 reduces the price by $1.79. A 30% reduction in total capital investment may be quite reasonable as the industry scales up the capacity and adopts alternative methods (e.g., the sintering kiln is a major contributor to the capital cost). As the cathode material technology matures, manufacturers will require less frequent design changes leading to longer plant life and lower depreciation costs. The price of cobalt metal has changed in the last six years from a peak of $27 per kg to a low of $22 per kg . Thus, a 20% reduction in the price of cobalt from the value used in this study ($26.3 per kg) would reduce the price of the NMC532 by $1.02 per kg. Similarly a 20% reduction in the price of lithium carbonate would reduce the price by 88 cents per kg. With the increasing automation seen in production facilities it is quite conceivable that the new, larger plants will be able to cut 40% of the labor cost assumed in our base case. This combination of changes indicates the possibility of the NMC cathode material price approaching $20 per kg, or 19% less than the base case scenario. There are yet other cost-cutting measures that can drive the cost down even further.
Achieving battery cost targets.Referring back to the DOE target of $125 per kWhUseable for the automotive battery pack, the $20.44 per kg of the cathode material (NMC532) would put the cost of the battery (to the vehicle manufacturer) at $140 per kWhUseable. Recognizing that the target battery cost has many other contributions from other components and manufacturing steps, one can be optimistic that if the cathode material price can indeed to brought down to $20.44 per kg, then the other technologies can surely reduce the battery pack cost down to the target value of $6375 (=$125 per kWhUseable × 51kWhUseable).
Summary.A process model was set up to study the energy demand and the cost of production of NMC cathode materials. The following summarizes the results. - The total energy demand for the process is approximately 4 kWh per kgNMC, where the majority of the energy is electric power consumed by the kiln. - The cost of the product estimated for the base case scenario is approximately $23 per kg of NMC333. - The raw materials contribute more than 50% to the cost of the product. - The energy and cost for NMC333 production from the OH pathway are similar to that from the CO3 pathway. - A case study on cost saving opportunities shows the possibility to reduce the price of the cathode active material by 19%.
Introduction.High-performance power sources are the eternal pursuit of electrochemists [1–4]. Particularly, novel alkaline batteries associated with faradic cathode and capacitive anode come to the stage because they can combine the advantages of batteries (e.g., high energy density) and capacitors (e.g., high power density) . It is accepted that the main performance of alkaline batteries is mainly determined by the cathode. Currently, there are plenty of cathode materials have been studied including metal hydroxides , metal oxides [8–10], metal sulfides , and metal phosphides . Unfortunately, most of the explored cathodes including metal oxides/sulfides are p-type semiconductors with low electrical conductivity resulting in unsatisfactory performance. In such a context, metal phosphides are entering into people's vision due to its metallic properties with higher electrical conductivity and better redox reactivity than other metal oxides and metal sulfides.
Introduction.Ni2P is one of the most popular metal phosphides and has been demonstrated with good electrochemical properties as cathode . It is known that the structure design plays a critical role in the electrochemical enhancement of metal phosphides . The reaction kinetics of Ni2P must be optimized to boost the high-rate performance at large working current density. Given this context, the transfer characteristics of ion/electrons in the Ni2P cathode are required to be as fast as possible . Thanks to the metallic properties, the Ni2P cathode shows good electrical conductivity, but the ion transport is still limited in the bulk Ni2P cathode, which always shows dense structure with long diffusion path for ions . To circumvent this problem, it is a consensus to adopt nanostructuring to accelerate the ion transfer by creating a great number of porous channels. To date, several Ni2P nanostructures (e.g., nanosheets , nanoparticles , nanospheres ) have been prepared by different methods including electrodeposition and post-phosphorization. Among them, the directional phosphorization method possesses a unique ability and principle in the control of the morphology and microstructure of the final metal phosphides. Previously, Ni2P nanosheets arrays were prepared by Tu group with the help of the directional phosphorization method and proven with enhanced performance . Chen et al.  reported Co2P nanowire arrays by a similar method and showed high capacity. Additionally, the directional phosphorization is particularly suitable for construction of metal phosphides arrays, which can avoid the use of polymer binder reducing the risk of losing active sites. These encouraging results provide us a great impetus to construct novel Ni2P arrays via the directional phosphorization.
Introduction.In this work, we report hierarchical porous mushroom-like Ni2P arrays prepared by directional phosphorization on the preformed Ni(OH)2 arrays. A multileveled porous structure consisting of secondary nanoflakes and primary mush-room structure is realized in the Ni2P arrays. High porosity and large surface area are demonstrated. Due to such a unique architecture, the obtained Ni2P arrays show greatly enhanced energy storage performance than the preformed Ni(OH)2 arrays, including higher capacity, and better electrochemical stability. Our research shows a new approach for construction of high-performance hierarchical metal phosphides arrays.
Experimental.The hierarchical porous mushroom-like Ni2P arrays were fabricated by a facile directional phosphorization on the hydrothermal Ni(OH)2 precursor arrays. First, 5 mmol nickel nitrate, 2 mmol CTAB, 10 mmol NH4F and 30 mmol urea were dissolved in 100 mL distilled water and then transferred to the Teflon autoclave and kept at 120 °C for 9 h to form the Ni(OH)2 precursor arrays. Clean nickel foam was used as the substrate. The weight of Ni(OH)2 was about 3.8 mg cm−2. Then, the obtained Ni(OH)2 precursor arrays underwent a facile phosphorizaiton process. Typically, the Ni(OH)2 precursor arrays were put at the middle of a tube furnace. The phosphorization regent was NaH2PO2 powders, which were put at the upstream side of the tube. The reaction took place at 400 °C for 2.5 h in Ar. The upstream NaH2PO2 would diffuse and react with Ni(OH)2 precursor arrays to form hierarchical porous Ni2P arrays. The weight of Ni2P was about 3.2 mg cm−2.
Experimental.The morphology and microstructure of the products were characterized using X-ray diffraction (XRD, Rigaku D/max 2550 PC, Cu Kα), scanning electron microscope (SEM, Hitachi S-4700) and transmission electron microscope (TEM, JEM 200CX at 160 kV and Tecnai G2 F20 at 200 kV). The surface area and porosity were characterized by a BET measurement (004 BET Jing Wei, Beijing).
Experimental.The electrochemical measurements were characterized by using full cell, which were assembled as follows. Hierarchical cross-linked Ni2P arrays were directly used as the cathode, activated carbon as the anode and cellulose acetate as the separator. The electrolyte was 6 M KOH solution. The activated carbon anode was fabricated by mixing active carbon, acetylene black and polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE) with the mass ratio of 80: 15: 5 to form uniform slurry and then pressed onto nickel foam followed drying overnight. To make the cathode to perform the best, the designed capacity of activated carbon anode was much larger than the Ni2P arrays. In our case, the capacity was calculated based on the mass of the Ni2P arrays. Cyclic voltammetry (CV) and electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) measurements were performed on a CHI660e electrochemical workstation. CV was conducted at a scan rate of 20 mV s−1 in the voltage range of 0.8–1.5 V. The EIS test was conducted in a frequency range from 100 kHz to 10 mHz with an AC amplitude of 5 mV. Galvanostatic charge/discharge tests were conducted at different current densities ranging from 2.5 to 40 A g−1 on a LAND battery test system.
Results and discussion.Fig. 1 a shows the simplified growth schematics of the hierarchical porous mushroom-like Ni2P arrays. First, the Ni(OH)2 precursor arrays are prepared by a facile hydrothermal method. Then, the Ni(OH)2 precursor arrays are converted into hierarchical porous mushroom-like Ni2P arrays via a simple directional phosphorization method. The morphology evolution is monitored by SEM-TEM images. It is seen that the hydrothermal-synthesized Ni(OH)2 precursor arrays exhibit cross-linked multileveled porous structure (Fig. 1b–c). The basic building blocks are thin nanoflakes of 10–15 nm, which are interconnected with each other forming the primary mushroom-like architecture with diameters of 1–3 μm. Moreover, 3D porous structure is noticed between the basic nanoflakes and primary mushroom-like blocks (Fig. 1c). In addition, the Ni(OH)2 nanoflakes show smooth appearance, and do not stack leaving numerous macropores of 100–500 nm After the directional phosphorizaiton, the 3D hierarchical porous architecture is maintained in the Ni2P arrays (Fig. 1d–e). Note that the porosity is greatly increased because the basic nanoflakes become highly porous and consist of interconnected nanoparticles of 10–30 nm and nanopores of 10–50 nm (Fig. 1e). The thicknesses of Ni2P nanoflakes were 15–20 nm. The primary mushroom-like structure of 1–3 μm also becomes more porous and open.
Results and discussion.The microstructures of both samples are further characterized by TEM-HRTEM images. Comparing the nanoflakes before and after phosphorization, notice that the Ni(OH)2 nanoflakes are very smooth and there are no pores at the nanoflakes (Fig. 2 a–b). The measured interplanar spacings of 0.46 and 0.27 nm are indexed well as the crystal planes of (001) and (100) of β-Ni(OH)2 (JCPDS 01–1047) (Fig. 2c). After phosphorization, TEM images (Fig. 2 d–f) demonstrate that the Ni2P nanoflakes become highly porous and are composed of interconnected nanoparticles of 10–30 nm. In addition, numerous nanopores of 10–50 nm are formed at the nanoflakes, consistent with SEM results above. The measured lattice distance of 0.22 nm matches well with the crystal planes of (111) of hexagonal Ni2P (JCPDS 03–0953). Based on these results above, it can safely draw the conclusion that the directional phosphorization process can produce high-quality hierarchical porous mushroom-like Ni2P arrays. Meanwhile, it is believed that these 3D cross-linked pores can provide short transfer channels for ions. Moreover, the nanoparticles at the nanoflakes can further improve the active sites and contact area between electrolyte and Ni2P. BET measurements (Fig. 3 a) indicate that the Ni2P arrays possess a surface area of ∼189 m2 g−1, about 3 times larger than the counterpart of Ni(OH)2 arrays. Therefore, the enhanced surface area would be beneficial for electrochemical reaction involved in the Ni2P electrodes.
Results and discussion.The phase evolution is monitored by XRD measurement (Fig. 3b). Both samples show the nickel peaks arising from nickel foam substrate. For the Ni(OH)2 precursor arrays, characteristic diffraction peaks at 33.7, 38.8, 59.5, 62.8 and 69.9° are noticed and indexed well as the β-Ni(OH)2 phase (JCPDS 01–1047) (Fig. 3b). After the phosphorization, it is seen that the peaks of β-Ni(OH)2 vanish completely and new peaks at 40. 8, 47.5, 54.2, 55.1 and 74.7° appear and they belong to (111), (210), (300), (211) and (400) crystal planes of Ni2P (JCPDS 03–0953). It suggests that the cross-linked arrays of Ni2P could be successfully fabricated via conversion from Ni(OH)2 with the aid of phosphorization method.
Results and discussion.To demonstrate the electrochemical potential of the cross-linked porous Ni2P arrays, full alkaline batteries with the above Ni2P arrays cathode and activated carbon anode were assembled. 6 M KOH solution was used as the electrolyte. In order to make the cathode perform the best, the designed capacity of activated carbon anode is much larger than the Ni2P arrays. Moreover, a detailed comparison is also made between Ni2P arrays and Ni(OH)2 counterpart cathodes. Fig. 4 a shows the CV comparison between both electrodes at a scan rate of 20 mV s−1. Obviously, one main redox couple is seen for both electrodes, indicating that the reaction is a typical faradaic process. The involved reactions at the cathode are due to the Ni2+/Ni3+ conversion, and can be simply expressed as follows . (1) Ni(OH)2 + OH− ↔ NiOOH + H2O + e−
Results and discussion.It is accepted that the Ni element on the surface of Ni2P arrays is very active and can be oxidized into Ni2+ in the alkaline electrolyte, and then combined with OH− to form the active Ni(OH)2. Comparatively, the Ni2P arrays show better reaction reversibility due to lower oxidization voltage and higher reduction voltage. Furthermore, higher peak current densities and larger enclosed CV loop are noticed for the Ni2P arrays, suggesting their higher electrochemical reactivity, and lower polarization than the Ni(OH)2 counterpart. The above electrochemical enhancement for the Ni2P arrays is mainly due to better electrical conductivity and faster ion transfer, supported by EIS analysis. Fig. 4b shows the Nyquist plots of both electrodes (equivalent circuit in inset). It is known that the semicircle and straight line reflect the electrochemical reaction impedance (Rct) and the diffusion of electroactive species (Rw), respectively. RS and QC represents he total ohmic resistance of solution and electrodes and the capacitance of the double layer. As shown in Fig. 4b, the Ni2P arrays possess much smaller semicircle in the high-frequency region, indicating much lower charger transfer resistance (Rct: ∼2.2 Ω) than that of the Ni(OH)2 arrays counterparts (∼5.1 Ω). In addition, the solution resistance of the Ni2P arrays (∼1.2 Ω) is also much lower than the Ni(OH)2 counterpart (∼2.1 Ω). Based on the results above, it concludes that the porou Ni2P arrays can greatly improve the electrochemical activity.
Results and discussion.The charge/discharge comparison of both electrodes at 2.5 A g−1 is shown in Fig. 4c. Apparently, higher discharge voltage plateau and lower charge voltage plateau are noticed for the Ni2P arrays, indicating much lower polarization due to the interconnected porous conductive network in the Ni2P arrays. The Ni2P arrays shows a high capacity of 127 mAhh g−1 at 2.5 A g−1, much higher than the Ni(OH)2 counterpart (80 mAhh g−1 at 2.5 A g−1). This enhancement suggests that the porous architecture of conductive Ni2P arrays can greatly improve the transfer of ions/electrons, resulting in faster reaction kinetics with smaller polarization. The noticeable reinforcement is also verified at high-rate performance (Fig. 4d). The Ni2P arrays exhibit a high capacity of 113 and 95 mAhh g−1 at 20 and 40 A g−1, respectively, superior to the Ni(OH)2 counterpart (64 mAhh g−1 at 20 and 50 mAhh g−1 at 40 A g−1), implying that the Ni2P arrays are excellent cathode for high-rate application. Fig. 4e presents the cycling capacity retention of both samples. Note that the Ni2P arrays have very stable cycling life. After 9000 cycles at 2.5 A g−1, a capacity of 123 mAhh g−1 is maintained for the Ni2P arrays, better than the Ni(OH)2 counterpart (66 mAhh g−1). A capacity retention of 96% is obtained for the Ni2P arrays, superior to the Ni(OH)2 counterpart (82.5%). The average coulombic efficiency of the Ni2P arrays is about 98.8%, higher than the Ni(OH)2 counterpart (96.8%). In addition, the main structure is well preserved for the Ni2P arrays after long-term cycles (inset in Fig. 4e). Moreover, the obtained values for the Ni2P arrays are also higher than other metal phosphides (such as Ni2P nanosheets ), metal sulfides (CoS) , and metal oxides (NiO nanoflakes , and Co3O4 nanowires ). To check the phase evolution, we conducted XRD and XPS test of the Ni2P arrays after 9000 cycles. It is noted that, in addition to the peaks of Ni2P (JCPDS 03–0953), new peaks of Ni(OH)2 (JCPDS 01–1047) appear after cycles, indicating that the surface of Ni2P will be oxidized in the alkaline electrolyte, and the redox couple Ni(OH)2/NiOOH would contribute high capacity. The existence of Ni(OH)2 is also confirmed by XPS Ni2p spectrum. The binding energy separation between Ni 2p3/2 (855.6 eV) and Ni 2p1/2 (873.4 eV) an is 17.8 eV, consistent with the electronic states of Ni(OH)2 .
Results and discussion.The enhanced performance of the Ni2P arrays is due to the following positive factors. First, binder-free architecture avoids undesirable interface leading to lower internal resistance. Second, integrated porous conductive network ensures fast transfer paths for ions/electrons resulting in fast reaction kinetics . Third, large surface area is favorable for sufficient contact between electrolyte and active materials . All the above positive factors work together endowing the Ni2P arrays with high-rate performance.
Conclusions.In summary, we have proven a powerful directional phosporization method for construction of hierarchical cross-linked Ni2P arrays. Secondary porous Ni2P nanoflakes are self-assembled with each other forming mushroom-like main configuration. Enhanced surface area and large porosity are realized in the integrated Ni2P arrays. Due to integrated structure and porous conductive network, the Ni2P arrays have shown higher capacity and better cycling life than the Ni(OH)2 counterpart. Our results open a new door for synthesis of high-performance metal phosphides arrays for applications in energy storage and electrocatalysis.
Introduction.With theoretical and practical gravimetric energy density up to 855 Wh/kg and 300 Wh/kg, respectively, Li/MnO2 batteries are among the most popular power source systems covering over 80% of the lithium primary battery market. Li/MnO2 batteries are used in a wide variety of applications including in portable electronics, memory back-up, watches, clocks, sensors, remote-controls, toys, automobile, alarms, medical devices, meters and aerospace.
Introduction.Since their commercialization by Sanyo in 1977  Li/MnO2 batteries have been studied for their performances and behaviour, mainly from the MnO2 cathode materials [2–7] and organic electrolytes  perspectives.
Introduction.The major advantages of Li/MnO2 batteries include: i. High open-circuit voltage around 3 V, ii. High energy density (855 Wh/kg theoretical and up to 300 Wh/kg and 600 Wh/l practical), iii. Wide range of operation temperature (−40 °C to +60 °C), iv. Low self-discharge rate (<1%/year at the ambient temperatures), v. Long shelf and operational life (∼10 years) vi. Safe and low-cost MnO2 material.
Introduction.Typically Li/MnO2 cells use metallic lithium for the anode, heat-treated chemical or electrolytic manganese dioxide (CMD, EMD, respectively) of γ-MnO2 type structure for the cathode  and LiClO4 solution in propylene carbonate for the electrolyte materials . Therefore, Li/MnO2 cells can be considered as half-cells convenient for fundamental kinetics and thermodynamics studies on MnO2 materials.
Introduction.Basically, in Li/MnO2 cells the cathode discharge mechanism consists of lithium intercalation into the γ-MnO2 crystal structure  according to the scheme: (1) xLi + + xe − + MnO 2 → Li x MnO 2 0 < x < 1
Introduction.In LixMnO2 compound the manganese valence state can be considered as a mixture of 100.x % Mn(III) and 100.(1-x) % Mn(IV).
Introduction.According to Eq. (1) the SOC of Li/MnO2 cell’ derives from the lithium composition ‘x’ using Eq. (2): (2) SOC ( % ) = 100 ( 1 − x )
Introduction.Li/MnO2 batteries are cathode limited in the sense that the amount of metallic lithium is in excess relative to the amount of MnO2 for the reaction in Eq. (1) to be completed (i. e. x = 1). As result, fully discharged Li/MnO2 cell still contains unreacted metallic lithium in the anode, whereas, in principle, the MnO2 cathode fully converts to Li1MnO2. In the process of lithium intercalation the γ-MnO2 crystal lattice expends significantly, generating irreversible structural changes .
Introduction.The SOC of a battery relates to the amount of capacity still available at defined time and temperature. SOC is expressed relatively to a fresh and undischarged cell, which theoretically is fully charged (SOC = 100%). In fact, it is common in industry to pre-discharge freshly made CR cells to lower OCV from an initial ∼3.6 V to more practical ∼3.2 V before shipping them. The amount of pre-discharge capacity is low, however, but it is barely known. This means that as sold in the consumer market, the cathode composition of Li/MnO2 cells is LiεMnO2, ε«1. The later composition will be considered as corresponding to 100% initial SOC in this manuscript.
Introduction.When the cell discharges such as under a time-dependant current ‘i(t)’, the discharged capacity at time t = τ is given by Eq. (2). (3) q d i s c h ( τ ) = ∫ 0 τ i ( t ) d t
Introduction.In a Li/MnO2 cell nominal capacity ' q n o m ' relates to the amount of active MnO2 in the cell. Starting from an initial SOC (t = 0), the actual SOC at time ' τ ' is given by: (4) S O C ( τ ) ( % ) = S O C ( t = 0 ) − 100 ( 1 − q d i s c h ( t = τ ) q n o m )
Introduction.An accurate estimation of the SOC of a cell is very important since it allows the user to know the amount of energy still available and predict the remaining operation time. Although some battery powered systems may have internal SOC gauges, there is no universal method to assess the SOC of a Li/MnO2 cell with no recorded history. Moreover, due to flat voltage profile voltage under low discharge drain, voltage measurement doesn't allow unequivocally to determine SOC. Currently, little is known in the literature about methods and systems for state of charge (SOC) of Li/MnO2 cells assessment.
Introduction.In this study ΔS and ΔH data are computed from the temperature dependence of the Li/MnO2 cell’ open-circuit voltage (OCV) at different SOC. An empirical linear relationship between SOC, ΔS and ΔH is revealed and can be used to accurately assess SOC of CR batteries. The linear relationship parameters are found to be CR cell’ manufacturer dependant. Dependence is assigned to differences in the physical chemical characteristics of MnO2, which strongly affect the cathode material thermodynamics properties.
Experimental.Li/MnO2 coin cells (CR 2025) rated about 160 mAh from two different manufacturers A and B are used in this study. Firstly, four of each one of A and B cells are discharged under C/24 rate (6.67 mA) with an Arbin BT4 machine to measure capacity. Secondly, four new A and B cells are introduced in a BA 2000 equipment (KVI Pte. Ltd., Singapore) to perform electrochemical thermodynamics measurements (ETM) [10–13]. During the ETM test cells are discharged by 5% decrements under C/24 rate (6.67 mA) for 72 min. At each decremented SOC cells are rested for 60 min at the ambient temperatures. Temperature T is then decreased stepwise from ambient (∼25 °C) to 10 °C, by 5 °C steps. At each temperature step OCV is monitored and final OCV after 30 min rest is used to compute entropy and enthalpy.
Experimental.At each SOC ΔS and ΔH are determined from the OCV vs. T dependence, according to Eqns. (5) and (6): (5) Δ S ( S O C ) = F d O C V ( S O C ) d T (6) Δ H ( S O C ) = − F ( O C V − T d O C V ( S O C ) d T )
Experimental.Discharge profiles together with thermodynamics data including OCV vs. SOC, ΔS and ΔH vs. both SOC and OCV are plotted together with (ΔS, ΔH, SOC) 3D profiles used to determine SOC from ΔS, ΔH data .
Results and discussion.Discharge voltage, OCV, ΔS and ΔH data are very reproducible within four cell probes. Therefore, average discharge and thermodynamics data will be presented in this manuscript.
Discharge capacity.Fig. 1 shows discharge profiles of cells A and B under C/24 rate. Discharge capacity of cell A and cell B at 1.5 V cut-off voltage is ∼130 and ∼120 mAh, respectively. Differences in discharge voltage and discharge capacity between cells A and B should be due to higher internal resistance of cell B vs. cell A and/or to MnO2 cathode material characteristics. In fact, CR2025 coin cells aren't designed for heavy load discharge such as a C/24 rate. Rated capacity of ∼160 mAh is usually given for discharge rates below C/500. Therefore, the achieved capacity at C/24 of 120–130 mA h doesn't conflict with the rated one.
OCV vs. SOC.Fig. 2 shows the OCV vs. SOC profiles of cells A and B. Unlike the discharge profiles where cells A and B differ from each other, the OCV curves are quite similar especially in the 25–95% SOC range. This supports the cell’ internal resistance contribution to the discharge profile as the ohmic drop is null in OCV data.
OCV vs. SOC.The OCV profiles show monotonous increase with a sharp change in slope between 95% and 100% SOC. By contract with OCV plateau(s) characteristic of two-phase electrode systems monotonously increasing OCV is typical of single-phased electrode materials. This behaviour extends over the whole lithium stoichiometry range ‘x’ in LixMnO2 according to Eq. (1).
OCV vs. SOC.We found OCV data for cells A and B to fit well with a Nernst-like equations as follows: (7) O C V ( A ) ≅ 2.8475 + 0.0553 L n 1 − x x (8) O C V ( B ) ≅ 2.8422 + 0.0598 L n 1 − x x
OCV vs. SOC.Eqns. (7) and (8) differ mostly in their pre-logarithmic coefficient. The latter relates mostly to the Li+-MnO2 ion-lattice interaction energy in LixMnO2. Differences in pre-logarithmic coefficient translate differences in physical chemical characteristics of MnO2 cathode material in cells A and B as will be further discussed in the next section.
Entropy and enthalpy profiles.ΔS vs. SOC and ΔS vs. OCV profiles of cells A and B are depicted in Fig. 3 a and Fig. 3b, respectively. Both curves show monotonous increase with no changes in the slope sign. The absence of peaks and minima in the ΔS profiles contrasts with our reported entropy data in rechargeable lithium batteries. Changes in the entropy slope sign in rechargeable lithium ion batteries are associated with composition induced phase transitions and/or transformations in anode and cathode upon lithium intercalation/de-intercalation processes . In fact, ΔS profiles here are consistent with the single-phase character of LixMnO2 material.
Entropy and enthalpy profiles.Noteworthy is a relatively high change in entropy value over the discharge process. Increased entropy goes with higher disorder generation in the LixMnO2 material crystal structure upon lithium intercalation. Such a disorder generation is irreversible in nature, which makes γ-MnO2 cathode material unsuitable for rechargeable battery application. Heat treated CMD and EMD lead to γ-MnO2. The latter consists of intergrowth of pyrolusite (β-MnO2 of (1 × 1) channels) and ramsdellite ((2 × 1) channels) phases of distorted close-packed MnO6 octahedra . The pyrolusite/ramsdellite ratio in γ-MnO2 varies with the synthesis conditions, especially the heat-treatment temperature [1–6]. These conditions are hardly reproducible for each batch, which affects the thermodynamics properties of γ-MnO2. Another evidence of disorder effect in γ-MnO2 is the pronounced difference between cell A and cell B in the entropy vs. OCV plots in Fig. 3-b as compared to entropy vs. SOC in Fig. 3-a in the lower OCV-SOC areas.
Entropy and enthalpy profiles.Similar monotonously increasing profiles are observed in ΔH vs. SOC and ΔH vs. OCV depicted in Fig. 4 a and Fig. 4b, respectively. This feature is in agreement with the OCV vs. SOC profile of Fig. 2 as ΔH is the dominating component of OCV. Also as discussed above differences in ΔH data of cells A and B are more pronounced when ΔH is plotted vs. OCV as in Fig. 4b than ΔH vs. SOC in Fig. 4a. In fact, OCV is an intensive characteristic of a cell, which is measured directly with high accuracy, whereas SOC is an extensive characteristic estimated by Coulomb counting from Eq. (3). OCV describes better the state of a battery than less accurate SOC does. Therefore, ΔS and ΔH vs. OCV data highlight better differences between cells A and B, which likely come from differences in MnO2 cathode material physical chemical characteristics in A and B cells such as crystal structure and composition.
State of charge assessment.3D plots with ΔS, ΔH and SOC data of cells A and B are shown in Fig. 5 -a and 5-b, respectively. The 3D curves projection on the (ΔS, SOC), (ΔH, SOC) and (ΔS, ΔH) planes are also depicted. Interestingly, data projection on the (ΔS, ΔH) plane is quasi-linear for both A and B cells and fit well with empirical Eqns. (9) and (10): (9) SOC ( A ) = − 1800 + 1 . 611 Δ S − 6 . 627 Δ H and (10) SOC ( B ) = − 31 . 62 + 0 . 528 Δ S − 0 . 251 Δ H where SOC, ΔS and ΔH are in %, J.K−1.mole−1 and kJ.mole−1, respectively. High regression factors R2 of 0.9982 and 0.983 are achieved in Eqns. (9) and (10), respectively.
State of charge assessment.A linear SOC dependence with ΔS and ΔH is an interesting new finding, which is very different from our previously reported data on rechargeable lithium ion batteries . Linear behaviour should make it easy to compute SOC from OCV and temperature measurements. However, a small deviation from linearity is observed at the low and high ends of SOC. This may be due to an unknown amount of lithium in MnO2 after pre-discharge (LiεMnO2, ε«1) and to cation-vacancies in γ−MnO2 .
State of charge assessment.In practice, SOC can be assessed using a smart chip with data processing and transmission capabilities. The chip may be imbedded or attached to the cell . Then SOC can be determined online based on changes in environmental temperature even by a few tenths of °C should voltage be measured with 0.1 mV accuracy.
State of charge assessment.Linear coefficients α, β and λ in empirical equation ‘SOC = α+βΔS+λΔH’ are consistent within four A and B cells in this study. However, coefficients α, β and λ differ according to the cells' manufacturer. This supports our assumption that MnO2 materials used in cells A and B have different physical-chemical characteristics perhaps due to different synthesis conditions.
State of charge assessment.Should an imbedded/attached chip be used for SOC reading the right α, β and λ parameters should be loaded in the chip program by the manufacturer.
Conclusion.Thermodynamics data including OCV, ΔS and ΔH have been measured on Li/MnO2 ‘CR’ cells from two different manufacturers. The data show monotonous increase of OCV, ΔS and ΔH vs. SOC. The absence of OCV plateaus in the OCV vs. SOC profile together with that of changes in sign of the slope of ΔS and ΔH vs. OCV and vs. SOC profiles support the one-phase solid-solution behaviour of LixMnO2 cathode over the full lithium composition range 0 < x < 1. Thermodynamics data of CR2025 cells bear a manufacturer's signature due to the nature of MnO2 cathode material. Moreover, thermodynamics measurements allow us to clearly distinguish between γ-MnO2 cathode materials and perhaps trace the origin of a CR battery. This method can be used to characterize γ-MnO2 materials complementarily to more conventional investigation methods such as X-ray diffraction, microscopy and physical spectrometry.
Conclusion.A linear relationship between SOC, ΔS and ΔH has been revealed for the first time. This enables SOC to be determined fast and accurately from a simple OCV and temperature data measurements and treatment. Online SOC assessment may be achieved owing to an integrated chip loaded with specific fitting parameters.
Conclusion.Accurate SOC assessment should enhance CR battery reliability and extend their field of application particularly in areas where SOC is critical such as in medical, aerospace and safety devises. Moreover, fast and accurate SOC assessment should reduce the rate of primary battery disposal, which has an adverse environmental impact as still usable batteries are often discarded not knowing their SOC.
Introduction.Reverse electrodialysis (RED) generates electricity during the controlled mixing of salinity gradients . The mixing energy available in these gradients has a worldwide estimated potential of more than 2 TW . RED contains an ion exchange membrane stack, composed of alternating anion and cation exchange membranes. When high and low salinity solutions flow between the membranes, cations and anions are selectively transported in opposite directions, resulting in ionic current. At two terminal electrodes, ionic current is converted into electrical current through an electrochemical transformation. While most attention has been given to improving membrane performance , electrode systems have been less studied despite their key role in electricity generation.
Introduction.Soluble-based redox couples and electrolysis are the most common electrode options in RED, but they face environmental, economic, and operational limitations. The iron hexacyanoferrate system can release cyanide ions that irreversibly bind to membranes and can be harmful if released to the environment . Without a redox couple, water electrolysis may occur and can generate explosive (H2) and toxic (Cl2) gases or strong oxidizers, such as chlorate (ClO3 –) and hypochlorite (ClO–) .
Introduction.Static capacitive electrodes have been used to generate power in RED and capacitive mixing (CapMix)  and for desalination in capacitive deionization (CDI) . In a capacitive system for power generation, ions adsorb to the electrode surface driven by a concentration gradient or applied potential. After maximum ion adsorption occurs, current reversal is required for desorption, resulting in interrupted power generation. Maximum power output occurs at the start of each cycle and decreases until the final desorption step is complete. These inherent characteristics of static capacitive systems limit their applicability for meeting based load power needs or other applications where constant power is required .
Introduction.Recently, capacitive flow electrodes (FEs), which allow continuous operation in CapMix , microbial fuel cells (MFCs) , flow batteries , and CDI [16–18], have been proposed. FEs are nano-to micro-scale particles (typically carbon) added to an electrolyte at weight percentages usually less than 25% to ensure flowability . Most applications separate the anode and cathode FEs  or use multiple reactors to recycle the FEs , making the energy extraction process operationally complicated. Continuous FE recirculation between the anode and cathode chambers in a recent CDI system resulted in a simplified architecture capable of continuous desalination . Activated carbon particles have been used in RED to improve ion sorption in the dilute water compartment , but FEs have not yet been examined for continuous charge transfer between anode and cathode current collectors (CCs).
Introduction.Here we show that in flow electrode RED (FE-RED), uninterrupted and nearly constant power generation can be obtained by continuously recirculating FEs between the anode and cathode chambers. In this process, the FEs are charged with electrons at the cathode CC, circulate into the anode chamber, discharge electrons to the anode CC, and recirculate back to the cathode chamber to continue the cycle (Fig. 1 ). Charge neutrality on the carbon particles is maintained by adsorption or desorption of Na+ or Cl− ions that cross the ion exchange membranes. Electrode redox reactions are therefore replaced by adsorption/desorption processes on the FEs. To maximize contact between FEs and CCs, graphite brushes providing large surface area to volume ratios were used. To assess the performance of the FE-RED system, we experimentally examined the influence of FE loading (5, 10, 15%) and CC surface area (graphite plate versus brush) on maximum power and current densities. We also identified the electrical resistances of the FE-RED components and compare our results to a control (no FE) and a static capacitive electrode system to highlight the operational advantages of the FE-RED.
Experimental setup.The RED system consisted of two polycarbonate cylindrical electrode chambers (3 cm diameter, 3 cm long) placed on either side of a membrane stack (four membrane pairs) (Fig. 1). Cation and anion exchange membranes (CMX and AMX, Neosepta, ASTOM Corporation), each with a projected area of 7 cm2, were arranged in an alternating manner. CMXs separated the FE chambers from the membrane stack. Water flow channels were created between membranes using a polymer spacer (250 μm thickness; Nitex 06-310/45, Sefar). In each FE chamber, Ag/AgCl reference electrodes (RE-5B, BASi, +0.2 V vs. standard hydrogen electrode) were installed in the middle of the FE chamber. Graphite plates (7 cm2 surface area; 0.35 cm−1 surface area to volume ratio; Graphitestore.com) or graphite brushes with a titanium core (2.5 cm diameter; 2.5 cm long; 0.15–0.22 m2 surface area ; 7000–10,000 cm–1; Zoltek PX35 Carbon Fiber, Mill-Rose) were used as CCs. The plates were positioned parallel to the membrane stack at a distance of either 1 or 3 cm. Results are reported for the 3 cm distance unless specified otherwise. The brushes were positioned with the core perpendicular to the plane of the membrane stack, with a 1 cm distance between the brush fill edge and exterior membrane. The FE suspensions were made by mixing 5%, 10%, and 15% w/w powdered activated carbon (PAC; BET area of 1200 m2 g−1, Norit SX Ultra, Cabot Corporation) in 0.5 M NaCl electrolyte solution. No-FE controls (0% FE) consisted of 0.5 M NaCl only. Static capacitive electrodes were prepared by casting a PAC slurry on a graphite plate, with the electrode containing a mass of PAC (0.33 g) equivalent to the amount of FE carbon (5% loading) present in the electrode chamber during one hydraulic retention time (details available in Appendix A).
RED operation.The FEs (100 mL total volume) were continuously recirculated (20 mL min−1) between the anode and cathode chambers (21 mL empty bed volume each). To prevent ionic short-circuiting, the anode effluent passed through an external reservoir before entering the cathode chamber. Concentrated (30 g L−1 NaCl) and dilute (1 g L−1 NaCl) solutions were fed into the membrane stack (20 mL min−1). All experiments were performed at room temperature (20 ± 2 °C) in triplicate. Between tests, the FE and membrane stack solutions were recirculated at open circuit voltage (OCV) until the anode and cathode potentials differed by less than 0.05 V. Effluent samples (∼20 mL) from the membrane stack were collected during stable, maximum power generation for 1 min. Influent and effluent conductivities were recorded using a handheld conductivity meter (CON 11, Oakton) and used to calculate the mixing energy efficiency (calculations available in Appendix A).
Electrochemical measurements and analysis.Power densities were measured by connecting the RED cell in series to different external resistors R ex (80,000, 320, 100, 47, 20, 5, and 2.7 Ω). The whole cell potential (E cell), anode potential (E an), cathode potential (E ca), and RED stack potential (E stack) were measured using a potentiostat (VMP-3, Bio-Logic). E an and E ca are reported versus the Ag/AgCl reference electrode. Each external resistance step was held for 10 min and the voltage (E cell) recorded during the last 1 min analyzed. The current density, I, was calculated as I = ( E c e l l / R e x ) / A I at each step, where A I = 7 cm2 corresponds to the projected area of the membrane stack through which current passed. An example of the cell potential and current density over time is shown in the supplementary data (Fig. A.1). The measured power density was calculated as P = ( E c e l l · I ) / A s t a c k , where A stack = 64 cm2 is the total active membrane area. Stack, anode, cathode, and whole cell area resistances (Ω cm2 per membrane pair) were determined by linear regression of polarization curves obtained during the variable resistor tests. Statistical two-tail t tests were used to determine significance. The mixing energy efficiency ( φ m i x ) was calculated as the ratio of the electrical energy W e (J mol–1) extracted at maximum power output to the theoretical amount of energy released through the mixing process as given by φ m i x = [ W e / ( Δ G m i x , i n − Δ G m i x , o u t ) ] , where ∆ G m i x , i n (J mol–1) and ∆ G m i x , o u t (J mol–1) are the Gibbs free energy of mixing available in the influent (in) and effluent (out) streams of the system (details in Appendix A).
Power and current densities.The continuously recirculated FE-RED was initially investigated using plate CCs and three different carbon loadings. Maximum power densities increased from 45 ± 2.5 mW m−2 to 61 ± 5.7 mW m−2 when the carbon loading increased from 5 to 10% (Fig. 2 A). Further increasing the loading to 15% decreased the power density slightly to 55 ± 2.8 mW m−2 due to a lower OCV (0.60 V at 15% loading vs. 0.62 V at 10% loading) and higher stack resistance at the higher loading (see below). The no-particle control (0% loading) generated significantly less power (0.18 ± 0.01 mW m−2; p < 0.05) because the membrane stack voltage (0.61 V) was insufficient for water electrolysis. Both the 10 and 15% loadings reached similar maximum current densities of 2.7 ± 0.2 A m−2, while the 5% loading reached 1.8 ± 0.03 A m−2. The similarities in max current at the 10 and 15% loadings suggest that ion transfer to/from the FEs was limited by carbon mass. The sharp drop in power densities at higher currents, which is characteristic of mass transport limitations in fuel cells, confirms this observation .
Power and current densities.Brush CCs significantly increased power and current densities (p < 0.05) (Fig. 2B). The 10 and 15% loadings reached power densities of 260 ± 8.7 mW m−2, which was a 320% increase compared to the power densities obtained with the plate CCs. These power densities are higher than those reported using FEs in CapMix (30–50 mW m−2) , but lower than those in RED with redox electrodes and similar salinity gradients (∼750 mW m−2; 5 membrane pairs; hexacyanoferrate electrode) . Direct comparison with reported RED power densities, however, is not straightforward due to the variety of salinity gradients, membrane pairs, spacing, flow rates, and electrode systems used. The maximum current densities were also larger for the brush CCs. The 10 and 15% loadings resulted in 14 ± 0.59 A m−2, which was a more than 400% increase relative to the plate CCs.
Power and current densities.To determine if the brush CC improvements were due to decreased electrode-membrane spacing, an additional test using a 1 cm distance between plate CCs and the membrane stack was performed. The reduced spacing resulted in a higher power density (100 ± 2.5 mW m−2) than the 3 cm spacing, but was significantly lower (p < 0.05) than the brush CC power density (Fig. 2B). This result confirms that the brush surface area was an important factor in the improved power and current densities.
FE-RED system resistances.To help explain the differences in power and current densities, component resistances were obtained during the polarization tests. For the brush CCs, the anode and cathode OCVs were within 0.05 V of each other (Fig. 3 A), showing that equilibrium conditions were met. The average anode and cathode OCVs for all carbon loadings was 0.13 ± 0.019 V (data not shown). Methods for estimating theoretical FE OCVs have not been established in the literature; however, it is likely that they are dependent on the presence of functional groups, such as carboxylic acids, which can affect the solution pH . The PAC used here impacted electrolyte pH, increasing it from 6.5 at the 0% loading to 9.7 ± 0.2 for the 5–15% loadings. The effects of pH, functional groups, and points of zero charge on the FE potentials in FE-RED systems should be studied further to optimize FE materials.
FE-RED system resistances.When an external resistor was connected and current flowed through the system, the electrode overpotentials increased (Fig. 3A). Without FEs (0% loading), R an and R ca were several orders of magnitude larger than when FEs were present, due to insufficient voltage for electrolysis. For both plate and brush CCs, electrode resistances decreased with increased carbon loading (Fig. 3B). There were larger resistance decreases from 5 to 10% than from 10 to 15%, suggesting that above 10%, the process was limited by the charge transfer rate of FEs, rather than by their mass transfer to the CCs. For all loadings, brush CCs exhibited significantly lower electrode resistances (p < 0.05), highlighting the ability of the brushes to more effectively transfer/capture charge from the FEs. These results are consistent with other CDI systems using FEs with loadings of up to 25% [12,24,25]. It is unlikely that increasing the loading in the FE-RED beyond 20% would appreciably decrease resistance beyond what we observed because of increased viscosity effects .
FE-RED system resistances.Membrane stack resistances, R stack, were also dependent on the carbon loading. A modest reduction in resistance was observed between the 5 and 10% loadings, but an increase was observed at the 15% loading. Specifically, R stack increased from 64 ± 5.4 Ω cm2 for the 5 and 10% loadings to 71 ± 3.5 Ω cm2 for the 15% loading using brush CCs. This same trend was observed for the plate CCs, wherein R stack increased from 67 ± 5.1 Ω cm2 (5 and 10% loadings) to 100 ± 9.3 Ω cm2 (15% loading). This increase was likely due to PAC accumulation on the exterior membrane surfaces, which was observed to occur more readily with the 15% loading. For both the plate and brush CC systems, the increase in stack resistance at the highest loading offset the reductions in electrode resistances, resulting in nearly identical total cell resistances, R cell, (100 ± 1.9 Ω cm2) at the 10 and 15% loadings. This result explains why the power and current densities (Fig. 2) between the 10 and 15% loadings are similar.
FE-RED system resistances.An advantage of the brush CCs can be seen by comparing the proportion of cell resistance attributed to the electrodes. Switching from plate to brush CCs decreased the portion of total resistance attributed to electrodes from 87 ± 6.3% to 40 ± 11% (average of all FE loadings), effectively making the stack the largest resistance component. Further decreasing electrode resistances will require in-depth investigations into FE-brush resistances using techniques such as electrochemical impedance spectroscopy to inform FE material selection/treatment and CC architecture .
Mixing energy efficiency and pumping energy.The mixing energy efficiencies for the 5, 10 and 15% loadings (brush CCs) were nearly identical (24 ± 1.2%). These efficiency values are similar to those obtained in previous RED systems  and higher than those (1–2%) in FE-CapMix . A single flowrate was used in this study, but it may be possible to improve these efficiency values using lower flow rates, albeit at the expense of lower power densities . The increased pumping energy demand due to the higher viscosity of the FEs was estimated based on previous studies of FEs in other systems. Hatzell et al. showed that FE pumping energy in a CDI cell was only 25% of the energy consumed to desalinate seawater . Based on their viscosity estimates (1–10 Pa s at shear rates 0–25 s−1) and the fact that our FE retention time was approximately 60 times lower, we estimate (see Appendix A) that our FE recirculation pumping energy demand (for the highest loading of 15%) was less than 0.1% of that reported in their study. The FE recirculation energy consumption was roughly 0.3–3% of the membrane stack pumping demand. The total pumping energy (FE and stack feeding solution) was approximately 12% of the power generated in our system. This estimate assumes flow through the chamber was both uniform and laminar. Verification of these assumptions in the case of brush CCs, where the complex three dimensional geometry may induce localized turbulent flow, is needed to more accurately determine pumping energy costs.
Mixing energy efficiency and pumping energy.A more detailed cost analysis is needed once FE-RED is further developed. A recent RED techno-economic assessment estimated a cost of ∼0.17 $ kWh–1, assuming a power density of 2.7 W m– 2 and membrane price of $4.3 m– 2 can be reached . Even though electrodes contribute a smaller portion to the total system cost, non-electrolysis based electrode options, including the FE-RED described here and soluble-based redox chemicals, can lower cost by reducing the number of membrane pairs required to achieve a desired power output. This can be explained by the reduction in electrode overpotentials relative to electrolysis. The purchase price of the PAC used in this study is comparable to the hexacyanoferrate redox couple ($50–100 kg–1, Sigma Aldrich), so it is unlikely that RED systems using either of these two electrode options would vary significantly in cost.
Comparison with static capacitive RED.The power generation and operation of the FE-RED was compared with a static capacitive RED (CRED) because of the similarities in adsorption/desorption electrode mechanisms . The CRED system obtained a slightly higher power density (290 ± 5 mW m−2) than the FE-RED with brush CCs (15% loading). The difference was likely due to the longer HRT in CRED (10 min during CRED versus 1 min for FE-RED), which provides more time for double-layer formation and expansion. Whole cell CVs reveals that the FE-RED had a capacitance of 1.1 F g−1, compared to 87 ± 1.7 F g−1 for the CRED (determined by galvanostatic charging/discharging). The lower capacitance of the FE-RED was due to the simultaneous FE charging/discharging at both CCs. Since CRED requires a break in operation to alternately charge/discharge the electrodes, continuous power output is not possible (Fig. A.2). The FE-RED therefore has two key advantages over CRED: 1) periodic seawater/freshwater flow channel reversal is not needed to discharge/charge the electrodes, and 2) continuous and more stable power generation allows for easier integration into existing grid-scale electrical systems.
Conclusions.In conclusion, our proof-of-concept study shows that continuously recirculated FEs allow uninterrupted and stable power output in RED. Significant improvements in power and current generation were obtained by using brush CCs. The large surface area of these brushes reduced electrode resistances by increasing charge transfer to/from the carbon particles. Maximum power densities reached 260 ± 8.7 mW m−2, which was slightly lower than a static capacitive RED design (290 ± 8.7 mW m−2). The FE-RED, however, offers several advantages over the static capacitive RED design, namely continuous and more stable power output. These operational advantages are major improvements toward the goal of generating base load power from salinity gradients using low-cost and sustainable electrode systems. The improvements gained with high-surface area CCs in this work may also yield similar results in other FE-based energy and desalination systems, such as CDI, CapMix, and electrodialysis. Further understanding of FE-CC resistances is needed to better optimize CC geometry and yield higher power outputs.
Introduction.Many renewable energy sources have been exploited in an attempt to alleviate the severe problems of greenhouse gas pollution and the escalating energy crisis caused by the consumption of fossil fuels . Supercapacitors, as electrochemical energy storage devices with fast recharge capabilities, low maintenance costs, high power densities, and long-cycling lifespans, have been intensely studied recently . However, the current commercial supercapacitors still suffer from unsatisfactory energy densities (<10 W kg−1) . Therefore, a major hurdle for current supercapacitors is to improve their energy densities without compromising their inherent advantages. It is well known that the poor conductivity of transition metal oxides and hydroxides hinder the rates of ion diffusion and electron transfer, resulting in poor cycling and degradation of capacitance , further impeding their practical application in supercapacitors. Therefore, developing an advanced electroactive material with high electrical conductivity and rational design of micro-/nanostructures is imperative to further enhancing the electrochemical performance.
Introduction.Owing to their higher conductivity, electrochemical stability, and electrochemical activity than the corresponding mono-component metal sulfides and metal oxides , binary metal sulfides such as NiCo2S4 , ZnCo2S4 , CuCo2S4  have attracted much research interest as electrodes in supercapacitors. However, MnCo2S4 has rarely been studied as a promising candidate with satisfactory capacitive properties and rate capability in supercapacitors, in spite of the fact that cobalt provides a larger oxidation potential and manganese assumes more electrons and bring in higher rate capacity . Meanwhile, significant attention has been drawn to the miniaturization of active materials in order to develop various ion diffusion-favored nanostructures such as nanospheres , nanowires , nanosheets , hollow nanostructures , and other functional structures on conductive substrates. Among them, integrated core–shell nanowire nanostructures with open networks and free interspaces can efficiently prevent the possible aggregation of active materials during electrochemical reactions, thus ensuring a high utilization rate of electrode materials . Recently, it was shown that direct growth of core–shell nanostructured materials on metallic substrates could overcome the drawbacks that addition of conductive binders and additives doubtlessly reduce entire energy storage capacity, and binders inevitably impede electron transport, thus make for improved capacity and cyclic stability .
Introduction.In this study, we developed a facile approach to synthesizing a hierarchical hybrid nanostructure of MnCo2S4 nanowires covered with flocculent sheets on nickel foam. As a supercapacitor electrode, the MnCo2S4 electrode possessed a relatively high specific capacitance of 2067 F g−1 at 1 A g−1; the specific capacitance could be maintained at 1156 F g−1 even at 20 A g−1. Moreover, an asymmetric supercapacitor device combined with MnCo2S4 and rGO was successfully assembled, and an energy density of 31.3 W kg−1 was achieved at a power density of 800 W kg−1 with remarkable cycling stability (∼89% capacitance retention after 5000 cycles), suggesting that MnCo2S4 is a satisfactory cathode material for high-energy-density supercapacitors.
Synthesis of MnCo.All chemicals were used as received without further purification. Typically, manganese–cobalt layered doublehydroxide (MnCo−LDH) nanowires were prepared by a simple hydrothermal method based on our previous report . Specifically, 2 mmol of Mn(NO3)2·4H2O, 4 mmol of Co(NO3)2·6H2O, 10 mmol of NH4F, and 12 mmol of urea were dissolved in 70 mL of deionized water. The pink reaction solution was transferred to a 100 mL Teflon-lined stainless steel autoclave. A piece of cleaned nickel foam (2.0 cm × 4.0 cm) was immersed into the homogeneous solution. Afterwards, the autoclave was heated at 120 °C for 10 h and then allowed to cool naturally to room temperature. The nickel foam loaded with precursor was collected, washed with distilled water and ethanol several times, and then dried in an oven at 70 °C for 10 h. The as-prepared precursors were transferred into a 100 mL Teflon-lined stainless-steel autoclave with 70 mL of a 0.02 M Na2S solution and heated at 100 °C for 12 h. Finally, the resultant products were rinsed with deionized water and ethanol several times and then dried in a vacuum oven at 70 °C for 10 h. In order to fulfill the study efficiently, the MnCo2O4 samples were prepared by annealing the MnCo−LDH in air atmosphere at 350 °C for 2 h at a heating rate of 2 °C/min. The mass loadings for the MnCo2O4 and MnCo2S4 on nickel foam are 1.64 and 1.96 mg/cm2, respectively.
Synthesis of reduced graphene oxide (rGO) sheets.Graphene oxide (GO) was prepared from natural graphite powders by a modified Hummers method . The 120 mg of GO was dispersed into 60 mL of DI water by ultrasonic treatment for 4 h. The resulting homogeneous suspension was mixed with 60 μl ammonium hydroxide and 0.6 mL hydrazine. Subsequently, the reaction mixture was transferred to a 100 mL of Teflon-lined autoclave for hydrothermal treatment at 200 °C for 5 h. The obtained rGO sponge was rinsed with DI water and ethanol and dried in vacuum freeze-drying system.
Characterization of materials.The crystallographic structures of the samples were identified by X-ray diffraction (XRD; D8-Discovery Bruker, 40 kV, 40 mA, Cu Kα radiation, λ = 1.5406 Å). The morphology and microstructure of the prepared samples were studied using a field emission scanning electron microscope (SEM; Hitachi, S-4800) equipped with an energy dispersive spectroscope (EDS) and a high-resolution transmission electron microscope (HRTEM; JEOL 2100F). The chemical bonding status of the material was analyzed by X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS; VG Scientifics ESCALAB250). These spectra were calibrated to the C 1s peak at 284.6 eV. The specific surface areas and pore-size distributions were analyzed by Micromeritics 3Flex with nitrogen sorption under 77 K using the Brunauer–Emmett–Teller (BET) method and Barrett–Joyner–Halenda (BJH) model, respectively.
Electrochemical characterization.The electrochemical performance of the samples (1 × 1 cm2) was evaluated in a 3 M KOH aqueous solution using a traditional three-electrode electrolytic cell. Nickel foam samples loaded with the prepared composites were used as the working electrodes. A saturated calomel electrode (SCE) and a platinum plate were used as the reference and counter electrodes, respectively. Cyclic voltammetry (CV) was carried out at various scan rates ranging from 5 mV s−1 to 50 mV s−1 at a potential window of −0.1 V to 0.5 V versus SCE. Galvanostatic charge–discharge tests were conducted within the range of −0.1 to 0.4 V at different current densities. The electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) measurements were tested in a frequency range from 100 kHz to 0.01 Hz at the open-circuit potential with an AC potential amplitude of 5 mV. All electrochemical measurements were conducted using a three-electrode mode multichannel electrochemical workstation (nSTAT, IVIUM Technologies). The specific capacitance (C s ) of the prepared electrodes was calculated by the following equation: (1) C s = I × t Δ V × m where I (mA) is the constant discharge current, t (s) is the discharge time, ΔV (V) is the window potential upon discharging, and m (mg) is the mass of the active materials.
Electrochemical characterization.To evaluate the MnCo2S4//rGO/Ni foam (NF) device performance, the device was assembled by using cellulose paper as the separator. The evaluation was performed in a two-electrode cell in a 3 M KOH electrolyte. For electrochemical measurements, the rGO/NF electrode was prepared by mixing the rGO, acetylene black, and a polymer binder (polyvinylidene difluoride, PVDF) in a mass ratio of 80:10:10. The slurry was pasted onto the Ni foam and then dried at 80 °C for 12 h in a vacuum oven. The specific capacitance of the assembled device was estimated from Eq. (1) based on the total mass of both the positive and negative electrode materials. The energy density (E) and power density (P) were calculated from Eqs. (2) and (3), respectively. (2) E = 1 2 C d e v i c e × Δ V d e v i c e 2 (3) P = E / Δ t where I is the discharge current, Δt is the discharge time, and ΔV device is the potential window of the device.
Fabrication of MnCo.Hierarchical MnCo2S4 core–shell nanostructures were synthesized using a two-step process, as illustrated in Fig. 1 . A certain amount of urea was used as the precipitator and self-template to guide the formation of carbonate precursor [17–19]. NH4F played a vital role in activating the substrates, producing more active sites for nucleation . Moreover, it also acted as a complexing agent by forming an appropriate metal complex for self-seed generation. The freshly formed nanonuclei tended to gather together to minimize the interfacial energy due to the Ostwald ripening process, resulting in an oriented aggregation of supersaturated nuclei. The diminishing concentration of the complex resulted in the generation of twinned seeds, which later grew into nanowires. The Mn and Co precursors induced by NH4F and urea further initiated the precipitation of Mn2+ and Co2+ to form the MnCo carbonate precursor . A subsequent hydrothermal sulfuration was applied to convert the precursor to MnCo2S4. In this process, Na2S dissolved to provide S2− ions that were simultaneously hydrolyzed to generate H2S and HS− species , which acted as the sulfur sources using the ion-exchange process that converted MnCo−LDH to form MnCo2S4.
Fabrication of MnCo.The crystal structure and phase purity of the as-prepared products were analyzed by a XRD technique. The phase composition of the MnCo precursor was investigated (Fig. S1), which can be assigned to a rhombohedral MnCo−LDH phase . Fig. 2 a shows the XRD patterns of the MnCo2O4 sample, which depicts well-defined diffraction peaks at 30.78°, 36.23°, 38.03°, 54.63°, and 64.17°, which can be indexed to the (220), (311), (222), (422), and (440) crystal planes, respectively, of the cubic MnCo2O4 phase (JCPDS card no. 01-1130). Owing to the ion-exchange reaction between the sulfur sources and the anions of MnCo−LDH precursor, the peaks located at 16.3°, 26.8°, 30.9°, 31.8°, and 36.3° are ascribed to the (111), (220), (311), (222), and (400) planes, respectively, of MnCo2S4, which further confirms that MnCo2S4 was successfully obtained by a simple sulfurization treatment. The diffraction peaks are similar to those of cubic Co3S4 (JCPDS Card no. 73-1703), which further reveals that the substitution of Co ions by Mn ions maintains the crystal structure while only slightly changing the lattice parameters. Some weak impurity peaks may correspond to MnCo2O4. These results reveal that the as-prepared product is mainly composed of MnCo2S4. To further evaluate the elemental composition and chemical state at the near-surface of the as-prepared MnCo2S4 nanostructure, X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) measurements were performed, and the results are shown in Fig. 2b–d. By applying a Gaussian fitting method, two types of manganese species were observed in the Mn 2p spectrum (Fig. 2b), which are ascribed to the presence of mixed Mn2+ and Mn3+. The peaks located at 641.7 and 653.4 eV are ascribed to Mn2+ and the fitting peaks at 643.7 and 654.5 eV represent Mn3+ . In the Co 2p spectrum (Fig. 2c), the peaks at approximately 777.6 and 794.1 eV are indexed to Co3+ and those at 783.3 and 798.4 eV are assigned to Co2+ . The spectrum of S 2p (Fig. 2d) shows two main peaks at 162.0 and 163.3 eV, which correspond to the S 2p splitting into S 2p3/2 and S 2p1/2, respectively . These results clearly reveal that the near-surface composition of the ternary MnCo2S4 comprises Mn2+/Mn3+, Co2+/Co3+, and S2−, which is consistent with the MnCo2S4 phase. The N2 adsorption/desorption technique was further used to investigate the microstructure of the MnCo2S4 core–shell nanowires (Fig. 2e and f). As we expected, the Brunauer–Emmett–Teller (BET) specific surface area and pore volume of MnCo2S4 (59.3 m2 g−1) are larger than those of MnCo2O4 (46.1 m2 g−1), which endows MnCo2S4 with a sufficient number of electrode/electrolyte active sites for electrochemical reactions. It is clear that the prepared samples exhibit the abundant mesoporosity owing to the relatively high intense peak in the range of 2–10 nm, which provides a low-resistance pathway for ions through mesoporous channels.
Fabrication of MnCo.The morphology and structure of MnCo2S4 were investigated using field emission scanning electron microscopy (FESEM) and transmission electron microscopy (TEM). The representative SEM images (Figs. S2a, b) reveal that the MnCo−LDH precursor nanowires, which have a length of approximately 2.5 μm and a diameter of approximately 80 nm, homogeneously cover the nickel foam. After a simple annealing treatment, the MnCo2O4 sample (Fig. 2c and d) maintains the morphology of the MnCo−LDH precursor. After sulfurization, the MnCo2S4 with a homogeneous core–shell nanostructure was obtained, which is constructed from MnCo2S4 nanowires wrapped by MnCo2S4 layers (Fig. 3 a and b). During sulfuration treatment, the direct conversion of the precursor core tends to converse into the corresponding sulphide shell obstructed by the layer because the unequal diffusion of reacting species easily generate voids close to the interface . Consistent with the SEM observations, the low-magnification TEM image (Fig. 3c) shows that the surfaces of the MnCo2S4 nanowires are covered by flocculent-like nanosheets. The measured lattice fringe (Fig. 3d) with an interplane distance of 0.236 nm can be indexed to the (400) crystallographic plane of the MnCo2S4 structure, which corresponds to the XRD results. The well-defined diffraction rings shown in the selected-area electron diffraction (SAED) pattern (Fig. 3e) definitely indicate that MnCo2S4 is polycrystalline. The elemental mapping profiles (Fig. 3f and Fig. S3) correspond to the signals of Mn, Co, S and O, and a uniform elemental distribution were observed. Notably, the signal of S is significantly stronger than that of O, which further confirms the almost total transition from the MnCo−LDH precursor to MnCo2S4.
Performance of MnCo.Cyclic voltammetry (CV) tests were conducted in a 3 M KOH electrolyte at various scan rates ranging from 5 to 50 mV s−1 within the potential window of −0.1–0.5 V vs. a saturated calomel electrode, and the results are shown in Fig. 4 a. The CV curves of the MnCo2S4 core–shell nanowire electrode (Fig. 4a) show a pair of well-defined redox peaks at 0.28 V/0.09 V, suggesting the typical Faradaic characteristics of a battery-like active material. This pair of peaks is mainly attributed to valence state changes related to M–S/M–S–OH (M refers to Mn or Co species) on the surface of the electrode material, which can be described using Eqs. (4)–(6) . The peak currents clearly increase with increasing scan rates, suggesting fast diffusion-controlled ion transport kinetics at the interface between the electrode and the electrolyte. The well-defined redox peaks are retained even at the high rate of 50 mV s−1, indicating that MnCo2S4 is capable of fast and reversible Faradaic reactions. The CV curves of the MnCo2O4 nanowire electrodes (Fig. 4b) display similar tendencies at different scan rates, suggesting the occurrence of the same redox mechanism as that by MnCo2S4. Slight deviations of redox peak positions can be observed from these samples, which may be attributed to the difference in the electrode activation polarization behavior during the electrochemical tests. Specifically, the behavior is closely related to the physical morphology and chemical composition of the electrode material . At the same scan rate, the MnCo2S4 electrode has a significantly larger integrated area than the MnCo2O4 electrode, which indicates that the MnCo2S4 electrode possesses a higher capacity. It is noteworthy that the CV curve of the bare nickel foam approaches a straight line (Fig. 4c), implying the negligible contribution of the nickel foam to the overall electrode capacitance (about 4.1% and 3.4% for MnCo2O4 and MnCo2S4 electrodes, respectively). (4) MnCo 2 S 4 + OH − + H 2 O ↔ MnSOH + 2CoSOH + 2 e − (5) CoSOH + OH − ↔ CoSO + H 2 O + e − (6) MnSOH + OH − ↔ MnSO + H 2 O + e −
Performance of MnCo.The cathodic peak current densities of the MnCo2O4 and MnCo2S4 electrodes (Fig. 4d) were plotted as functions of the square roots of the scan rates ( v 1 / 2 ). The cathode peak current increases linearly with the square root of the scan rate, which abides by the Cottrell equation, implying a diffusion-controlled process at the electrode/electrolyte interface. Specifically, the apparent diffusion coefficient (D) of the OH− ions in the prepared materials was calculated by employing the Randles–Sevcik equations (Eqs. (7) and (8)) . (7) I p = 2.69 × 10 5 × n 3 2 × A × D × C × ν (8) D MnCo 2 S 4 / D MnCo 2 O 4 = I p / ν MnCo 2 S 4 / I p / ν MnCo 2 O 4 2 = 13 . 63 / 8 . 65 2 = 1 . 58 where I p is the peak current, n is the number of electrons involved in the reaction, A is the surface area of the electrode, D is the diffusion coefficient of the electrode material, C is the proton concentration, and ν is the scanning rate. The diffusion coefficient of the MnCo2S4 electrode (D MnCo2S4) is approximately 1.58 times larger than that of the MnCo2O4 electrode (D MnCo2O4), indicating the higher ion mobility of the former.
Performance of MnCo.The galvanostatic charge–discharge (GCD) measurements of the obtained samples were tested in 3 M KOH with a potential window of −0.1 to 0.4 V at various current densities ranging from 1 to 20 A g−1. The results are shown in Fig. 5 . Corresponding to the CV measurements, two visible voltage plateaus of the MnCo2S4 core–shell nanowire electrode in the charge/discharge curves imply the existence of a Faradaic reaction (Fig. 5a). The MnCo2S4-based supercapacitor has a longer discharge time than the MnCo2O4-based supercapacitor at the same current density. Moreover, the GCD curves of the MnCo2S4 electrode are almost symmetrical, without an obvious IR drop, indicating good reversibility of the Faradaic process and a rapid I–V response . MnCo2S4 should be considered more as a high-power battery-type material rather than a pseudo-capacitive material in view of its charging–discharging properties as determined by a Faradaic mechanism. To better compare the current results with those of previously reported works [27,29–32], here we present the data as specific capacitance. The specific capacitance values of the electrode materials were calculated from GCD profiles at various current densities, and the results are presented in Fig. 5c. The specific capacities of MnCo2S4 were calculated to be 2067, 1833, 1732, 1633, 1599, 1378, and 1156 F g−1 at current densities of 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 10, and 20 A g−1, respectively. The decreasing capacitance with increasing current density is considered to be derived from the limitative diffusion and migration of electrolytic ions, thus giving rise to the inefficacy of the inner active surface area for charge storage at high current densities. The specific capacitances of the MnCo2O4 electrode at different current densities were also evaluated, with the results also depicted in Fig. 5c. Evidently, the capacitive performance of the MnCo2S4 electrode is superior to that of the MnCo2O4 electrode for each current density. The definite charge/discharge plateaus can further demonstrate the Faradaic characteristic of battery-type electrodes. The calculated specific capacity (mAh g−1) as a function of current density was plotted in Fig. S4. As the current density increases from 1 to 20 A g−1, the rate capabilities of the MnCo2S4 and MnCo2O4 electrodes still remain 55.9% and 48.5%, respectively, of their original values, suggesting that the MnCo2S4 electrode has a better rate capability. In order to confirm the feasibility and rationality of the present electrochemical values for MnCo2S4 electrodes, the intermediate values of the three sets of independent experiments (deviations within ±3.37%) are reported using three different batches of the samples (Fig. S5).
Performance of MnCo.The excellent electrochemical properties of the MnCo2S4 homogenous core–shell nanowires are much better than those of the reported sulfide electrodes (Table S1, Supporting Information), which may be attributed to its distinct structural merits. Specifically, (1) the vertically aligned nanowire possess large surface area for effective adsorption/intercalation of electrolyte ions, while it serves as an efficient media for efficient carrier transports; (2) the ultrathin flocculent-like nanosheet with abundant active sites can expedite electrolyte penetration for the efficient utilization of electrode materials. Notably, it also serves as a physical buffering layer to accommodate volume changes during cycling tests; (3) “one-body” geometry containing the 1D and 2D components possess structurally robust core/shell interfaces for good structural integrity; (4) integrated core–shell nanostructures directly decorated on current collector significantly promote the kinetics of electron/ion transportation.
Performance of MnCo.The electrochemical stability of the prepared samples was investigated by repeated charge/discharge measurements at a current density of 20 A g−1, and the results are shown in Fig. 5d. Interestingly, the overall retention capacity of MnCo2S4 was almost 80.2% after 6000 cycles, which is obviously superior to the results obtained using MnCo2O4 electrodes (approximately 78.8%). After cycling tests, the Columbic efficiency of the MnCo2S4 electrode remained at 94.8% (Fig. S6), which indicates that it possesses good electrochemical reaction reversibility. SEM images of the MnCo2S4 core–shell nanowires after the cycling measurements show that the morphology and structure of MnCo2S4 are mostly preserved, even after 6000 cycles (Figs. S7a–c); however, the slightly increased diameter and roughness of the capped layers indicate that the charge–discharge process mainly occurs on the shallow surface, which may be ascribed to uneven Joule heating and anisotropic volume expansion of nanowires and nanosheets of different geometric features during continuous diffusion and intercalation/deintercalation of ions. The elemental mapping results of MnCo2S4 after cycling are displayed in Fig. S7d. The Mn, Co, and S signals are distributed homogenously, indicating high reutilization and reversibility of the active material. Electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) measurements were carried out to further understand the superior electrochemical performance of the MnCo2S4 electrode as compared to that of the MnCo2O4 electrode (Fig. 5e and f). The modified equivalent circuit was provided for the measured impedance data (inset of Fig. 5e). The MnCo2S4 electrode shows a slightly lower equivalent series resistance than the MnCo2O4 electrode. Moreover, the impedance spectrum of the MnCo2S4 electrode shows a smaller semicircle, which suggests that the charge-transfer resistance of the MnCo2S4 electrode (0.41 Ω) was lower than that of the MnCo2O4 electrode (1.09 Ω), thus indicating that the MnCo2S4 electrode possesses a high electrochemical activity. More importantly, the charge-transfer resistance (R ct) of the MnCo2O4 electrode slightly increases after 6000 cycles (Fig. S8), further indicating low interfacial charge-transfer resistance and excellent cycling stability.
Performance of MnCo.To further explore the MnCo2S4 electrode for real applications, an asymmetric supercapacitor was constructed by assembling the MnCo2S4 electrode as the positive electrode, the prepared rGO as the negative electrode, and cellulose paper as the separator in a 3 M KOH solution, as illustrated in Fig. 6 a. The morphology and microstructure of rGO were characterized by SEM (Fig. S9). The corresponding oxygen content for GO before and after reduction process was performed by XPS analysis (Fig. S10). In order to achieve optimal electrochemical performance, the ratio of positive and negative electrodes was adjusted based on the relationship ΔQ+ = ΔQ− using Eq. (9). (9) m + m − = C − × Δ V − C + × Δ V +
Performance of MnCo.The adjusted mass ratio between MnCo2S4 and the rGO electrodes should be approximately 0.32 based on the capacitance values of the two electrodes and their corresponding potential windows (Fig. S11). Fig. 6b shows CV curves of the assembled asymmetric device at various scan rates. It is noteworthy that a maximum operating voltage of approximately 1.6 V was acquired because the asymmetric configuration can completely utilize the different stable potential windows of the positive and negative electrodes to extend the integral cell voltage. The asymmetric device shows a pair of broad redox peaks, indicating the conventional Faradaic features of battery-type electrodes. Fig. 6c shows the galvanostatic charge−discharge curves achieved at various current densities. Clearly, the initial voltage losses based on the discharge curves are small, even at a high current density of 12 A g−1, indicating the small internal resistance and fast I–V response of the device. The specific capacitance values (Fig. 6d) of the asymmetric supercapacitor device were calculated from the corresponding discharge curves based on the total mass of active materials. The gravimetric specific capacitance values are 88, 66, 60, 49, 40, 24, and 20 F g−1 at current densities of 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 8, and 12 A g−1, respectively. The corresponding specific capacity values of the asymmetric supercapacitor are shown in Fig. S12.
Performance of MnCo.Long-term stability is a crucial factor when evaluating commercial supercapacitor devices. For the MnCo2S4//rGO asymmetric device, the cycling stability was measured by continuous charging−discharge tests at a high current density of 20 A g−1. As shown in Fig. 6e, 89% of the initial capacitance is maintained over 5000 cycles, suggesting an ultra-long cycling stability, which may have been the result of the synergetic effects of nanowires with short diffusion paths, the use of flocculent nanosheets with a considerable number of active sites, and the high electric conductivity of the prepared sulfide. A Ragone plot of the asymmetric device displaying the energy density and power density calculated from the galvanostatic discharge curves is shown in Fig. 6f. A maximum energy density of 31.3 W h kg−1 is achieved by the asymmetric device at a power density of 800 W kg−1, a value that is superior to those of previously reported asymmetric or symmetric supercapacitor devices, including NiO//NiO (15.9 W kg−1 at 120 W kg−1) , CO3O4//AC (22 W kg−1 at 1500 W kg−1) , CuO@rGO@sponge//rGO@sponge (8.1 W kg−1 at 4232 W kg−1) , CoMn2O4//graphene (7.4 W kg−1 at 1900 W kg−1) , β−Ni(OH)2//AC (10.5 W kg−1 at 690 W kg−1) , Co(OH)2/Co3O4//AC (22.4 W kg−1 at 290 W kg−1) , and so on. Even at a high power density of 9600 W kg−1, the device still has an energy density of 6.9 W kg−1, a value that is superior to the results from previously reported high-power asymmetric electrochemical capacitors . In order to fulfill the study efficiently, here we have constructed MnCo2S4//activated carbon (AC) asymmetric device. The mass ratio of MnCo2S4 to AC was controlled at approximately 0.13 in the asymmetric supercapacitor based on the comparative CV curves of MnCo2S4 and AC electrodes performed at a scan rate of 5 mV s−1 (Fig. S13a), as well as the principle of charge balance between the electrodes. Clearly, the electrochemical performance of the constructed MnCo2S4//rGO asymmetric device are significantly better than those of the constructed MnCo2S4//AC device (Figure S13b–f). These results demonstrate that the configuration between homogeneous core–shell structured MnCo2S4 and rGO nanosheets is promising for supercapacitor applications.
Conclusions.In summary, MnCo2S4 nanowires coated with flocculent nanosheet layers supported on nickel foam were fabricated though a facile method for enhanced electrochemical performance for supercapacitors. Benefiting from the favorable coupling effects of different morphologies, the MnCo2S4 electrode delivered excellent performance, with a high specific capacitance of 2067 F g−1 at 1 A g−1; even at 20 A g−1, the capacitance was 1156 F g−1, with excellent cycling stability. Furthermore, the assembled MnCo2S4//rGO device exhibited a high energy density of 31.3 W kg−1 at a power density of 800 W kg−1 and a high power density of 9600 W kg−1 at an energy density of 6.93 W kg−1. Therefore, the prepared MnCo2S4 endowed with excellent performance has been demonstrated to be a promising electrode material in electrochemical capacitor applications.
Introduction.The success of polymer electrolyte fuel cells strongly depends on the performance of the cathode catalyst for the electrochemical oxygen reduction reaction (ORR). The most important aspects of catalyst's performance are its activity and stability under the electrochemical conditions of the cell. For good activity, the catalyst should ensure sufficiently large ORR rate measured in current density at relevant electrode potentials. On the other hand, the stability is increased when catalyst degradation or corrosion processes are either thermodynamically unfavorable or have sufficiently low rates. Computer modeling supplements experimental characterization and helps not only with rational interpretation of experimental observations but also steers the design of better performing catalyst materials in general  and for ORR .
Introduction.The ORR on metallic surfaces has been extensively investigated by employing density functional theory (DFT) with modeling the electrochemical environment of the process [4–8]. Effects of the electrolyte, the local electric field in the diffusion layer have been studied using elaborate environment models coupled to the DFT calculation . A holistic approach combining models on different scales and/or treating different physics aspects has been developed and employed to simulate experimentally tractable current-voltage curves by coupling DFT data with a kinetic model for the elementary ORR rates . The multiscale model has also been extended with kinetic Monte Carlo (KMC)  and coarse-grained molecular dynamics simulations to enable studies of polymer electrolyte membrane degradation processes . Further studies  have focused on the general thermodynamical stability, in particular surface segregation and ordering on alloy surfaces , electrochemical resistance against corrosion of pure metal surfaces  and alloy nanocatalyst materials , and revealed a complex interplay between stability and catalytic activity.
Introduction.Major insight into ORR catalyst activity has been provided by analyzing Brønsted–Evans–Polanyi type relations between the binding energies of the ORR intermediates, such as adsorbed atomic oxygen (O) and hydroxyl (OH) and the activation energies of the elementary reactions . Too weak binding of O and OH to the surface corresponds to high barriers for surface reactions, whereas too strong binding leads to high reactivity, i.e. fast surface reactions but slow dissociation of the products. As the catalytic activity is determined by the rate of the critical elementary ORR step, the trade-off between these two opposite effects yields a characteristic volcano shape of the catalytic activity as function of the O binding energy. The peak of the volcano marks the O binding energies of an optimal ORR catalyst. It has turned out that all metal elements, including Pt, are off the peak.
Introduction.One strategy to tune the binding energy is alloying . Therefore, diverse bimetallic systems such as Co–Ag alloys , Cu doped Ag nanoclusters (nanoalloy) , Pt–Co nanoclusters  and Pt–Ru bimetallic surfaces  (the so-called Pt skins) have been investigated using DFT with the goal to improve activity but also to reduce the amount of precious metals. The d-band analysis of the projected surface density of states [1,20,21] gives more insight into the relation between electronic structure and catalytic activity and helps discovering further routes for surface modifications via tuning the electronic structure. A further approach to influence the adsorbate binding energy is to include co-adsorbates .
Introduction.A comprehensive approach to predicting and explaining catalytic activities of various transition metal ORR catalysts, such as Pt skins, has been presented in a recent work by Anderson et al. . This approach makes use of the effective reversible potential  and has helped the determination and understanding of thermodynamic and kinetic barriers of platinum alloy catalysts.
Introduction.Previous theoretical studies of several pure metal catalysts  have found that O adsorption energy of Ni is close to that of Pt and other precious metal catalysts. Ni is on the left side of the peak in the volcano relation suggesting that oxygen binds stronger to Ni than to Pt. Therefore the Ni–O bond has to become weaker in order to improve catalytic activity.
Introduction.Lu et al.  have synthesized a Ni based catalyst with small amounts of Cr for the anode reaction (H2 oxidation) in an alkaline polymer electrolyte fuel cell. The authors have computed the local density of states for a model including the Ni(111) surface decorated with 1/4 monolayer (ML) CrO. They have shown that the Ni–O bonds at Cr-free sites are weaker compared to those on the pure Ni(111) surface.
Introduction.In the past, the Ni(111) surface has been extensively studied by DFT [24–27,7,8,28,29]. Adsorption of O and O2 on Ni has been investigated in more general context employing the PW91 density functional [24–26] and more recently the PBE density functional . Water splitting on different Ni surfaces has been studied using DFT with the PBE density functional whereby the adsorption energies of H2O and the intermediates O, OH and H have been computed . Mittendorfer et al.  found that the O2 dissociation barrier was more than three times lower on Ni(111) than on Pt(111). The close-packed surfaces of eight pure metals, including the Ni(111), have been investigated by Ford et al.  in the context of ORR catalysis. They have suggested that the dissociative mechanism prevails on Ni(111). In this mechanism, the only intermediates of the ORR are the adsorbed atomic oxygen (O) and hydroxyl (OH). In contrast, on other surfaces such as Pt(111), the ORR goes via formation of hydroperoxyl radical (HO2) and peroxide (H2O2), i.e. via initial association of hydrogen (associative mechanism). Surface diagrams for oxidation and reduction of water  and surface Pourbaix diagrams  on different transition metal surfaces including Ni(111) have been constructed from DFT data. It has been shown  that the electrochemical stability of Ni is limited to too small ranges of pH, too low electrode potentials, and to low O coverages (1/4 and 1/3ML) at which Ni is not sufficiently active.
Introduction.In contrast to pure Ni, research on Cr modified Ni surfaces in the past has been only very sparse [21,30,31]. Potential energy surfaces scans using DFT  have shown that dissociative adsorption of molecular hydrogen on Ni(111) is enhanced by decoration with a full monolayer Cr. The influence of interstitial hydrogen on the adsorption of oxygen, hydroxyl and water on pure Ni and on Cr doped Ni surfaces  has been studied using DFT. Thereby, a moderate segregation of alloying Cr was found indicating that Cr is thermodynamically most stable in the topmost surface layer . In the same work, Cr doping was shown to increase adsorption energies of OH and O at sites adjacent to Cr atoms and of H2O on top of Cr atoms. These adsorption sites are obviously thermodynamically most stable on the Cr doped surface. While in the context of stability analysis  these overlayer structures are important, adsorption on Cr free sites on the doped Ni(111) surface is expected to be more relevant for the ORR catalytic activity.
Introduction.In this work, we study the ORR catalytic activity and the resistance against dissolution of Ni under diverse modifications with Cr. To this end, we investigate adsorbed O and OH on pure and Cr modified Ni surfaces by means of an atomistic first principles approach (DFT) combined with an established electrochemical model for ORR . Previous work suggests that primarily the adsorption of O and OH has to be investigated on the Ni surface. The O and OH species participate in both the dissociative and the associative mechanisms and may be the only relevant intermediates for the ORR because the dissociative mechanism has been reported to be dominating on Ni . In addition, our calculations on both Cr-free and Cr-modified Ni(111) yield no stable hydroperoxyl radical (OOH) adsorbed on the surface. Therefore, we consider the molecular oxygen dissociative adsorption (1) 1 2 O 2 + * → O * and the two electrochemical reactions of O and OH that occur in both the dissociative and the associative ORR mechanisms (2) O * + ( H + + e − ) → HO * , (3) HO * + ( H + + e − ) → H 2 O + * . In these equations the asterisk (*) denotes a free adsorption site on the surface, and O* and HO* denote the adsorbed species.
Introduction.In the following sections, we investigate the electrochemical stability and catalytic activity for different Cr modifications of the Ni surface with variation of the Cr surface concentration, the surface coverage and the amount of co-adsorbed oxygen at Cr. Based on the DFT simulation data, we describe the activity in terms of the O and OH binding energies and the effective reversible potentials and critical potentials. Furthermore, we construct the Pourbaix diagrams by calculating the free energies of diverse surface structures with variation of the electrode potential and pH within a simple model including also electrochemical dissolution processes. We calculate the free energy diagrams of the ORR varying the electrode potential and the pH within a simple model. We show that Cr modifications in the form of CrO x increase the catalytic activity and the stability against dissolution. In addition, we have synthesized Cr modified and Cr-free Ni catalysts and characterized them by employing cyclic voltammetry. We analyzed the voltammograms and compared the measured onset potential shifts to the calculated changes of critical potentials with different Cr modifications.
Structure model.Supercell (or slab) models are well established and widely used in numerous atomistic ab initio studies of surfaces. As basis model for the active surface of the Ni–Cr catalyst we have chosen the most stable (111) surface of fcc-Ni. For the construction of the specific supercell models we were motivated by the electrode fabrication conditions and characterization results (see next section). The experimental molar fraction of Cr in the bulk is approximately 0.22. The SEM and XPS characterizations (see below) show that chromium is distributed non-uniformly on the surface forming island-like patterns. Direct mapping of such patterns to an atomistic surface model would require very large slabs for which a DFT calculation would be prohibitive. Because surface Cr atoms are expected to be always oxidized in presence of oxygen, the remaining Ni surface atoms, that are exposed to the electrolyte, are the active sites for the ORR. The distance between these Ni surface atoms and the next Cr island can vary largely and the effect of Cr will decay with increasing this distance. Therefore, we consider small 2×2, 3×3 and 4×4 fcc-Ni(111) slabs each with a single Cr atom, resulting to Cr surface fractions of 1/4, 1/9 and 1/16, respectively, in order to capture different distances between active Ni sites and ORR tuning Cr sites. We define the surface fraction of Cr as the ratio between the number of Cr atoms and the total number of surface atoms.
Structure model.Currently, there is no precise characterization of the morphology of the Ni–Cr catalyst surface on the nanometer scale. Therefore, we have to make assumptions about the placement of the Cr atoms on the surface and consider two different possible Cr modifications of the fcc-Ni(111) surface: substitution of single Ni atoms with Cr atoms in the topmost surface layer and placing single Cr atoms on fcc sites on the pure fcc-Ni(111) surface. These two modifications will be referred to as Cr doped surface and Cr decorated surface, respectively. Furthermore, we neglect the influence of Cr from the bulk. The surface structures are depicted in Fig. 1 . The slabs contain five layers: The atoms in the three topmost layers are free to relax. The atoms in the two bottom layers are fixed to their bulk positions with fcc lattice parameter a =3.52Å. The slabs are separated by at least 12Å of vacuum in the direction perpendicular to the surface to avoid spurious interactions between periodic images.
Density functional theory calculations.The calculations have been performed using the Vienna ab initio simulation program VASP [32–35] with the projector augmented-wave (PAW) method  and the Perdew–Burke–Ernzerhof (PBE) density functional  with a plane-wave cut-off of 400eV. The integration in the Brillouin zone has been done on Monkhorst-Pack  k-point meshes of sizes 11×11×1, 7×7×1 and 5×5×1 for the 2×2, 3×3 and 4×4 supercells, respectively and second-order Methfessel–Paxton smearing  of 0.2eV. This choice of parameters was found to yield energies within an error bar of about 1meV per atom. Because Ni, Cr and all involved adsorbate species have magnetic moments, all calculations were performed including spin polarization. The gaseous species were treated as single molecules in cubic unit cells of size 12Å with a single k-point (Γ), with Gaussian smearing of 0.01eV and the same other settings. The Atomic Simulation Environment (ASE)  was used to generate the structures, to steer the computations and analyze the data.
Density functional theory calculations.All structures have been relaxed until the total energy changed less than 10−5 eV and all forces were smaller than 0.005eV/Å. After the structural relaxations converged, the second derivatives of the energy were computed for both adsorbed and gas species with energy convergence of 10−8 eV and maximum Cartesian displacements of 0.002Å. These were then used to confirm the energy minima and, within the harmonic approximation, to calculate the zero point energies (ΔZPE) and vibrational entropies (ΔS) that were necessary for the calculation of the free energies.
Thermodynamic quantities.Employing a model by Nørskov et al.  we replace the proton–electron pair in the electron transfer reactions (2) and (3) with molecular hydrogen at standard conditions, i.e. H2 partial pressure of 1 atm, temperature T =298.15K and pH=0, and use the standard hydrogen electrode (SHE) as reference. The same model has been used to include the effect of the electrode potential in more recent work [7,3,8,10]. In this model the free energy at zero electrode potential and pH=0 is (4) Δ G 0 = Δ E + Δ ZPE − T Δ S . Then the free energies are corrected for the electrode potential U and pH of the contacting electrolyte : (5) Δ G = Δ G 0 − n e U ( RHE ) = Δ G 0 − n e U ( SHE ) − n kT ln 10 pH , where n is the number of transfered electrons and protons, e is the electron charge, k is the Boltzmann constant and T is the temperature, which is fixed at 298.15K in all calculations. U(RHE) is the potential relative to the reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE). In Eq. (5) the effects of the solvent and the local electric field in the diffusion layer at the cathode are neglected. We note that in this simple model we do not describe the electrical double layer and thus all polarization and charging effects occurring with electrode potential change are neglected, i.e. the calculations are carried out at the potential of zero charge. For calculating the free energies we used the adsorbate-free surface and water as reference, i.e. the right hand side of Eq. (3). To make the calculation of the free energy of liquid water feasible with DFT we substituted it with the free energy of gas-phase water at gas–liquid equilibrium pressure 0.0312 atm for T =298.15K  for which both free energies are equal. For the gas species O2 and H2 we calculated the translational and rotational entropies using standard formulas  and experimental rotational constants . The free energy of O2 was calculated using the experimental free energy of the reaction H2 +1/2O2 →H2O at standard conditions, Δ G 0 ( ORR ) = − 2.46 eV.
Experimental.Here we describe the catalyst synthesis and fabrication of the electrode followed by the electrochemical characterization of two different devices.
Catalyst synthesis.The solution was prepared by dissolving 4.5g of NiCl2 ·6H2O and 1.1g of CrCl3 ·6H2O in 200ml distilled pure water and poured into pretreated carbon black powder which was wetted with ethanol. The pretreatment of carbon black reveals an increase of the surface with 30% (see the supporting information). The ratio of carbon black and Cr–Ni was 4:1. Then 114ml of 5wt% NaBH4 solution was added drop-wise into the suspension at 10∘C followed by stirring for 30min. The obtained catalyst powder was repeatedly washed with distilled pure water and vacuum filtered until no Cl− could be detected by a test with silver nitrate. Then the powder was dried in vacuum for 4h at 100∘C and cooled down to room temperature. The resulting powder was placed in a glazed ceramic boat and heated under an N2 atmosphere at 120∘C for 0.5h and then at 350∘C for 0.5h to fully drive out boron from the catalyst. A Cr-free catalyst was prepared in the same way. Two different electrode fabrications were tested and explained in the following.
Cathode fabrication by screen printing.The synthesized catalyst powder was screen printed on a nickel foam with a homogeneous distribution of the particles on the surface. Nickel foam is suitable for this purpose because it does not only have a high specific surface area, but by its three dimensional structure it also provides sufficient porosity to establish the 3-phase area. The porous structure becomes visible under magnification by microscope (see supporting information). The nickel foam purchased from Novamet® is characterized by a thickness of 1.7mm (in uncompressed state), a porosity of 97% and a mean pore size of 0.6 μm. The thus fabricated chromium – nickel – carbon black (CNCB) and the chromium-free (NCB) electrodes are characterized in Section 4.1.
Cathode fabrication by electrospinning and carbonization.The cathode material was fabricated in a two-step process involving electrospinning and carbonization. A suspension of the catalyst particles in a carbon precursor polymer (polyacrylonitrile from Sigma-Aldrich, molecular weight 150,000) solution in N,N-dimethylacetamide (from Carl Roth) was prepared by stirring at 70∘C overnight and subsequent sonication for 10min. The weight percentages were 0.6wt% catalyst particles, 8.1wt% polyacrylonitrile, and 91.3 wt% N,N-Dimethylacetamide. The suspension was then electrospun using a modified Kato Tech nanofiber electrospinning unit (depicted in the supporting information). The needle collector distance was 22.9cm, needle collector voltage 19kV, feedrate 0.864 ml/h and the collector rotation 9m/min. The produced fibers were deposited on a non-stick fabric to ensure a complete, distortion free peel-off. In a second step the polymer fiber mats containing the catalyst were carbonized (stabilization in air at 230∘C, carbonization in N2 at 1100∘C) using a tube furnace (Gero-Carbolite, Germany). The resulting carbon fiber mats are electrically conductive and are decorated with 15 up to 16 wt% catalyst particles. The thus fabricated flexible chromium – nickel – carbon fleece (CNCF) and chromium-free nickel – carbon fleece (NCF) electrodes are characterized in Section 4.1.
Cyclic voltammetry of the (C)NCB electrode.For all conducted electrochemical measurements on bidirectional CNCB air electrodes a potentiostatic three electrode setup was used. The setup included a counter electrode and a reference electrode. The CNCB air electrode was connected as the working electrode. The measurements were carried out with a series G potentiostat by Gamry®. A Radiometer-Analytical® platinum electrode was used as counter electrode. The reference electrode was a saturated K11 calomel electrode by Sensortechnik Meinsberg® GmbH. In the special case of air electrodes it was necessary to realize a tailor-made measuring setup in such a way that the inner side of the air electrode was exposed to the electrolyte (aqueous solution of KOH with pH=14) and the outer side had contact to the ambient air. Cyclic voltammetry (CV) is the most suitable technique for determining the performance of bidirectional air electrodes. The electrochemically significant potential range of operation of air electrodes is about 1V around the open circuit potential (OCP) for O2. As the OCP for O2 of the investigated air electrodes was in the range of 0V vs. SHE and 0.2V vs. SHE all CVs in this work were measured in the range of −0.75V to 0.95V vs. SHE to capture this significant potential range. The chosen low scan rate of 1mV/s is due to the commonly large capacitance of CNCB air electrodes and the high porosity of the electrode surface.
Cyclic voltammetry of the (C)NCF electrode using an RDE assembly.The electrochemical measurements were controlled with the potentiostat Autolab PGSTAT126N and the software GPES (general purpose electrochemical system). The electrochemical characterization of the materials was carried out by cyclic voltammetry (CV) in a three-electrode setup with platinum sheet counter electrode and Ag/AgCl/3M KCl reference electrode (double junction; Metrohm 6.0733.100). The carbon supported CNCF electrode was grinded and wetted in isopropanol in order to cover the glassy carbon electrode of 3mm in diameter bedded in a cylindrical Teflon mold which was used as working electrode. The working electrode was pre-polished with aluminum oxide powder (grain size 0.3 μm) and washed with ethanol. A 5mg catalyst sample was dispersed in 5ml isopropanol and sonicated for 30min forming a homogeneous ink. Then 20 μl of the suspension ink were dropped onto the glassy carbon electrode and dried in air for at least 24h. The electrochemical measurements were performed in 1M aqueous potassium hydroxide (KOH) solution.
Structural and electrochemical characterization.The SEM images of the catalyst shown in the left panel of Fig. 2 reveal the pore size, as well as the size and the distribution of the synthesized Cr–Ni particles. The grain sizes vary predominantly in the 20 up to 60 nm range. We found that Cr and Ni are spread across the grains but are not distributed uniformly. Based on EDX analyses (data not shown) we find large variations of the Cr/Ni atomic ratio from 1% up to 96% in different surface regions. Thus both Cr and Ni are present on the active surface on which the O atoms can adsorb.
Structural and electrochemical characterization.In order to determine the oxidation state of Ni and Cr on the surface we have carried out an XPS characterization of the catalyst. The right panel of Fig. 2 shows the Cr 2p and Ni 2p spectra from these measurements. Thereby we do not detect peaks that can be attributed to metallic Cr or Ni species.
Structural and electrochemical characterization.In the Ni 2p spectrum (shown in the lower plot) we detect a strong peak at 856 eV and a weaker and broader satellite at 862eV which we can attribute to the Ni 2p3/2 component of Ni(II) species, most probably of Ni(OH)2 . In addition we can identify the less characteristic Ni 2p1/2 peak and its satellite at binding energies of 874 and 880eV, respectively. Because the Ni 2p3/2 main peaks resulting from Ni(OH)2, NiO(OH) and NiO are very close, have multiplet structure and partially overlap , there might be additionally smaller amounts of NiO and NiO(OH) on the surface of the sample.
Structural and electrochemical characterization.In the Cr 2p spectrum (shown in the upper plot) the Cr 2p3/2 main peak at 577eV is the most characteristic one and can be assigned to Cr(III) species. Additionally, a feature centered at around 580eV is observed which is very likely due to the Cr 2p3/2 peak of mixed Cr(VI) species . The peak at 587eV can be attributed to an overlay of a Cr 2p3/2 satellite peak and the Cr 2p1/2 main peak .
Structural and electrochemical characterization.Cyclic voltammetry was performed to determine the electrochemical ORR activity of the prepared catalysts. In the recorded voltammograms for the NCB and CNCB catalysts, shown in Fig. 3 , we find four significant reactions: nickel oxidation, nickel reduction, oxygen evolution reaction (OER) and ORR. Nickel oxidation causes a maximum current density at 0.4V vs. SHE (point I) which is in agreement with observations by Lyon et al. . Beside this Lyon et al. described that towards higher potentials the OER starts overlaying nickel oxidation, which is also reflected in the CV (point II). The nickel reduction reaction also occurs in the CV. As also Lyon et al. observed, it caused a maximum reduction current density at 0.21V vs. SHE (see point III). Beyond the theoretical description of Lyon also the fact that points I and III are located almost symmetrically around the equilibrium potential U Ni,0 of the Ni(OH)2/NiO(OH) redox reaction (U Ni,0 =0.3V vs. SHE) induces the reference of these two peaks to nickel oxidation, respectively nickel reduction. The ORR is related to the approximately linearly increasing current density below 0V vs. SHE in the CV (see point IV). This relation was verified by an additional CV (not shown) which was performed with similar settings as described above except of purging the outer part of the nickel based air electrode with N2 to prevent access of air to the electrode. As a result this CV showed that below 0V vs. SHE no increasing current was measured. The same result was achieved by investigating an air electrode without any ORR catalyst: no significant current was measured below 0V vs. SHE.
Structural and electrochemical characterization.In order to investigate the influence of chromium on the electrochemical activity in Fig. 3 we compare the CVs of the Cr-free and Cr modified catalysts, NCB and CNCB and we see a clear difference. In absence of chromium the formation of NiO x /CrO x in the potential range I is less pronounced than for the CNCB electrode. Additionally the reduction peak of Ni in the potential range III is smaller in comparison to the CNCB electrode. A further peak arises around 0V in the case of the NCB electrode which is much bigger than in the case of the CNCB electrode. Therefore a lot of cleaning steps with a scan rate of 50, 20, 10 and 5mV/s were done in order to remove impurities from the electrode surface. The thinning peak of O2 stems from the fact that the amount of O2 varies which is influenced by chromium. The reduction takes place if enough O2 accumulates near the electrode. The CVs were recorded also at pH=10 but the ORR specific peaks could not be detected. We attribute this to formation of stable nickel oxides at this pH  that passivate the surface for the ORR. Moreover, the OH− activity is four orders of magnitude lower than at pH=14 and causes lower ionic conductivity of the electrolyte.
Structural and electrochemical characterization.The so-called onset potential, i.e. the highest potential at which the cathode half-reaction starts, represents a significant measure for the electrocatalytic activity of an ORR catalyst . Hence, to achieve better electrocatalytic ORR activity, a more positive onset potential is desired. Unfortunately the voltammogram in the CV setup shown in Fig. 3 does not allow a reliable determination of the onset potential. The problems are the mass transport and other background processes that cannot be discriminated in the voltammogram and due to the less suitable electrode fabrication. By using the rotating disk electrode (RDE) assembly with the self-developed carbon fibers ensures a better current collector with a better conductivity. In combination with the doped synthesized Cr–Ni particles a more suitable CNCF electrode was fabricated. We note that the slow scan rate was chosen due to the high porosity of the electrode. We measured voltammograms of the NCF and CNCF electrodes displayed in Fig. 4 under the same conditions as of the CNCB electrode, i.e. in air-saturated 1M KOH solution at a scan rate of 1mV/s. The voltammogram of the Cr modified Ni electrode contains redox peaks which can be ascribed to Ni(III)/Ni(II) redox couple. The voltammograms clearly show well-defined cathodic processes and ORR peaks with comparable current densities for both the Cr-free and Cr modified catalysts. The Cr modified Ni electrode exhibits an onset potential of −174mV vs. Ag/AgCl which is more positive than the onset potential of the Cr-free electrode, −196mV vs. Ag/AgCl (see the inset plot in Fig. 4), giving an indication for improved electrocatalytic activity. Consequently the RDE assembly reveals a more suitable fabrication with a well-defined onset potential which confirms the expected tuning effect of chromium towards improved catalytic activity.
O and OH binding energies, effective reversible potential and critical potential.As introduced above we consider the binding energies of OH and O as descriptors of catalytic activity. These are defined as the heats ΔE OH and ΔE O (without zero-point energy corrections) of the reactions (6) H 2 O + * → HO * + 1 2 H 2 and (7) H 2 O + * → O * + H 2 , respectively . We assume that Cr on the surface is predominantly in an oxidized form CrO x . This is why we investigate how the O binding energies at Cr-free fcc sites depend on the number of oxygen atoms x co-adsorbed at Cr (see Fig. 1). The fcc adsorption sites at Cr atoms, denoted by numbers, are unlikely to be ORR active sites because of the extremely strong O bonding at Cr: We found that the binding energy ΔE O on the equivalent close packed bcc Cr(110) is 2.1eV lower than on pure Ni(111). Furthermore, we found that the O binding energy is 0.8eV lower at an fcc site adjacent to Cr on Cr doped fcc Ni(111) than at an fcc site on pure Ni(111), in good agreement with previous findings elsewhere . Thus, such co-adsorbed oxygen atoms are expected to be stable (or at least with very long life times) under ORR conditions and to passivate the sites adjacent to Cr atoms on the surface. These co-adsorbed oxygen atoms on top of decorating Cr atoms have been shown to weaken the Ni–O bonds on the Cr-free sites  and, in general, are expected to influence the activity of the Cr-free sites remaining as active sites for the actual ORR. The calculated binding energies ΔE O and ΔE OH on the pure Ni(111) surface at 1/4ML coverage are 0.16eV and −0.08eV, respectively. Both are about 0.2eV lower than these reported previously  although in good qualitative agreement. This deviation may be explained with the different density functional and pseudo-potentials used.
O and OH binding energies, effective reversible potential and critical potential.At U = U 0 =1.23V the overall ORR is in equilibrium, i.e. ΔG (ORR)(U 0)=0, and there is no electromotive force. Ideally, the electrochemical ORR will proceed as soon as the potential is lower than U 0. Practically the ORR starts only at much lower potential (the so-called onset potential) leading to partial loss of the ORR free energy. Following an approach suggested recently by Anderson et al.  we calculated the effective reversible potential U eff. This is the standard reversible ORR potential U 0 =1.23eV lowered by the sum of the free energies of all exergonic reactions (i.e. with negative free energy changes) with no charge transfer divided by the charge of the electrons transferred in the ORR. In the case of the dissociative mechanism only the free energy of reaction (1) has to be considered: (8) U eff = − 1 n ( Δ G 0 ( ORR ) − Δ G 0 ( 1 ) ) = U 0 + 1 n Δ G 0 ( 1 ) , where n =2. The effective reversible potential depends on the free energy dissipated in the reactions with no electron transfer, i.e. the portion of the free energy not contributing to the electrical work done by the cell. Thus, U eff defines an upper thermodynamic limit for the onset potential of each electrode material. Barriers due to endergonic steps with electron transfer, i.e. reactions (2) and (3), will slower the kinetics and cause additional lowering of the onset potentials . In practice, the ORR will proceed only below a critical potential U max for which all three reactions (1), (2) and (3) are spontaneous, i.e. ΔG {(1),(2),(3)}(U max)≤0. Therefore, the difference U 0 − U max is a lower bound for the overpotential due to the rate limiting ORR step .
O and OH binding energies, effective reversible potential and critical potential.In this work, we calculate both U eff and U max in order to investigate these additional barriers. Obviously, U eff is always higher than or equal to U max. In the case when U eff = U max there are no thermodynamic barriers due to electron transfer reactions for potentials up to U eff. Thus, U eff and U max provide two estimators for the measured cathodic onset potential. The advantage to consider both estimators in the analysis is to discriminate two different contributions to the overpotential: U eff indicates the free energy losses from adsorption and dissociation reactions whereas the difference U eff − U max indicates an additional lowering of the onset potential due to barriers of electron-transfer and desorption reactions. For example, U max =0.75V  and U eff =0.82V  have been reported for the HO2 dissociative pathway on Pt(111).
O and OH binding energies, effective reversible potential and critical potential.For the calculation of U eff and U max we consider surface structures with single vacancies which are occupied by either O or OH. To calculate the free energies of all left- and right-hand sides of Eq. (1), (2) and (3) we use Eq. (5) at pH=0, for which U(SHE)= U(RHE) and use the free energy of the species on the right-hand side of Eq. (3) as reference.
Cr doped Ni(111) surface.In Fig. 5 the binding energies ΔE O and ΔE OH are displayed for different concentrations of the doping Cr and for different number of oxygen atoms x co-adsorbed at fcc sites adjacent to Cr (see sites 1, 2 and 3 in Fig. 1). Co-adsorbed oxygen at these fcc sites is much more stable than on top of Cr. For example, the structure with one oxygen atom (CrO) at an fcc site is 0.51 and 0.06eV more stable than the structures with O on top of Cr or at an adjacent hcp site, respectively. For 1/4 CrO x only x =1 is considered because of the very small supercell. Higher binding energies mean weaker Ni–O bonding. The effect of Cr without co-adsorbed oxygen, i.e. x =0 on the O binding energies is very weak for all Cr concentrations but this effect is slightly stronger on the OH binding energies. With increasing number of co-adsorbed O atoms the binding energies of both O and OH increase significantly. This means that the weakening of the Ni–O bond is mostly due to the O atoms co-adsorbed at Cr. With decreasing the Cr concentration the impact of CrO x on both ΔE O and ΔE OH becomes smaller.
Cr doped Ni(111) surface.In order to better estimate and understand the change of activity with Cr modifications under real electrochemical conditions we now consider higher surface coverages, relevant at higher electrode potentials. In addition, we employ U eff and U max introduced above as additional activity descriptors. The chart diagram in Fig. 6 compares ΔE O, ΔE OH, U eff and U max for different Cr fractions. In the case of 1/4 Cr doping we have only 1/2ML coverage due to the small supercell used. For compositions with several possible adsorbate positions those with highest ΔE O and U eff are shown. All considered structures and their pertinent properties, including those that are not shown in Fig. 6, are listed in the supporting information.
Cr doped Ni(111) surface.For all Cr doped and Cr-free surface structures the found ΔE O, ΔE OH and U eff increase with the surface coverage. In contrast, U max does not strictly increase with coverage. For example, on the Cr-free surface at 1/3ML coverage U max is higher than at 1/2ML coverage. At 1/3ML coverage the OH binding energy ΔE OH is only 0.01eV higher than ΔE OH at 1/4ML coverage. This small ΔE OH increase gives rise to a very small difference U eff − U max =0.01V. The same effect becomes apparent also for 1/2ML on the pure Ni surface. Because of the very high ΔE O =1.14eV the effective reversible potential U eff becomes also very high (0.58V). However, ΔE OH is increased to 0.71eV resulting in free energy barriers for reaction (2). This is why, reaction (2) is spontaneous only when the potential is decreased to U max =0.14V. This shows that too high ΔE OH does not always lead to improved activity.
Cr doped Ni(111) surface.Large differences U eff − U max are found for both 1/16 and 1/9 Cr doped surfaces whereby the increasing coverage leads to higher ΔE OH and increasing differences U eff − U max. The largest difference 0.47V is found at 5/9ML coverage on the 1/9 Cr doped surface. The reason for these increasing differences is the increasing free energy barrier of reaction (2) caused by too high ΔE OH as discussed in the paragraph above. Nevertheless, the highest coverages still lead to the highest U max: 0.25V at 7/16ML coverage and 0.32V at 5/9ML coverage for 1/16 and 1/9 Cr doping, respectively.
Cr doped Ni(111) surface.Overall the 1/16 and 1/9 Cr doped surfaces are more active (in terms of U eff) at high coverages than the pure Ni surface and the 1/4 Cr doped surface. For example, at 5/9ML coverage on the 1/9 Cr doped surface U eff =0.79V that is 0.21V higher than on the pure Ni surface at 1/2ML coverage. We note that the 1/4 Cr doped surface structure has only one co-adsorbed atom at Cr. More co-adsorbed oxygen atoms would lead to higher ΔE O and U eff but these correspond to coverages of 3/4ML and 1ML that are not investigated here. Assuming a relation between the Cr concentration and the adsorbate distance from Cr dopant we may suggest that active sites become less active with the distance to Cr in terms of U eff. This suggestion is additionally supported by the found change of U eff with the ORR adsorbate distance r O * − Cr from Cr. For example, at 7/16ML coverage we computed U eff =0.68, 0.49 and 0.15V for three different structures with r O * − Cr = 3.07 , 3.16 and 5.76Å, respectively. Further data can be found in the supporting information.
Cr decorated Ni(111) surface.Fig. 7 shows the calculated binding energies for the Cr decorated Ni(111) surface. The O binding energies increase with x but this increase is significantly flatter than that for Cr doping. Our result for CrO is consistent with the finding in previous work  that decoration with a quarter monolayer CrO leads to Ni–O bond weakening manifested in the local density of states.
Cr decorated Ni(111) surface.Most striking is the decreasing OH binding energy with x found for all Cr decorated structures (see Fig. 7, right plot). This means that increasing co-adsorbed oxygen on top of Cr atoms stabilizes adsorbed OH. However, after initial decrease from x =0 to x =1 the effect is damped for x =2, 3 and stays within 0.25eV total decrease for the lower CrO x fractions. In the smallest 2×2 supercell, OH interacts extremely strongly with the CrO leading to formation of a hydrogen bond and OH is not tightly anchored to the fcc site. The OH stabilization effect is still persistent even in the largest 4×4 supercell although the distances between any two OH are sufficiently large (9.95Å). The distances from OH to co-adsorbed O of CrO x are also very large, e.g. 3.60Å for OH at site C. Nevertheless, the stabilization effect becomes smaller with decreasing the CrO x fraction and increasing the distance from OH to CrO x . In fact, investigating the structures more carefully we find that OH interacts with the oxygen adsorbed on top of Cr even for the largest distance of 3.77Å between OH at site B and the next oxygen from CrO x .
Cr decorated Ni(111) surface.We have seen for the Cr doped structures that OH is destabilized significantly even in the smallest 2×2 supercell, where the distance between the OH hydrogen with co-adsorbed O is 2.89Å. Obviously this cannot be explained with the strong lateral interactions alone. This behavior of OH on the Cr decorated surfaces suggests that the effect may be related to the missing bonds between co-adsorbed O and Ni but not to the type of Cr modification. To better understand the effect we considered the Cr doped structures with a co-adsorbed oxygen atom on top of Cr. We have noted that these structures are about 0.5eV less stable than the structures with co-adsorbed O at Cr neighboring fcc sites. We compared the OH binding energies with co-adsorbed O on top and fcc sites, as summarized in Table 1 . A shift to a lower binding energy with addition of co-adsorbed O means stabilization. For consistency reasons we have chosen the A adsorption site for 1/4 Cr and the B site for the other two Cr fractions. For Cr fraction of 1/4 and fcc co-adsorbed O, the OH adsorbate is destabilized with −0.56eV. Placing the co-adsorbed O atom on top of Cr causes slight OH stabilization of 0.01eV. On the 1/4Cr decorated surface the OH is strongly stabilized, as discussed above, by 0.82eV. On the 1/9 Cr doped surface the OH adsorbate is slightly stabilized with co-adsorbed O at fcc and the stabilization is even larger when the co-adsorbate is on top of Cr. For all Cr concentrations the stability of OH increases in the following order: Cr doped/fcc<Cr doped/top<Cr decorated/top.
Cr decorated Ni(111) surface.The inverse correlation between OH and O binding energies implies that the free energy of reaction (2) will decrease making the reaction spontaneous at higher potentials. If the OH stabilization becomes too strong it may cause a thermodynamic barrier for reaction (3). To investigate this effect in more detail we calculated U eff and U max based on the free energies of all species involved in the ORR including the O and OH adsorbates (see Fig. 8 ). In addition we vary the total surface coverage, the number x of co-adsorbed oxygen atoms at Cr and the surface fraction of Cr. For compositions with several possible adsorbate positions those with highest ΔE O and U eff are shown. The structures and the pertinent properties that are not shown in Fig. 8 are listed in the supporting information.
Cr decorated Ni(111) surface.The effective reversible potentials U eff do not increase with the surface coverage so strongly as on the Cr doped surfaces. The maximum U eff is 0.58V at 1/2ML coverage on the pure Ni surface and at 7/16ML coverage on the 1/16 Cr decorated surface. Overall, the differences U eff − U max are smaller than on the Cr doped surface and increase with the surface coverage and with x. A very large difference U eff − U max =1.02V is found at 1/2ML coverage on the 1/4 Cr decorated structure (U max =−0.79V not displayed in the figure) which can be attributed to the strong stabilization of adsorbed OH discussed above. Although U eff for the Cr decorated surface is lower than for the Cr doped surface, significantly larger U max is realized, e.g. 0.38V for 1/16 Cr concentration at 7/16ML coverage compared to 0.25V in the case of Cr doping. This is because the OH stabilization on 1/16 and 1/9 Cr decorated surfaces is moderate and lowers the free energy of reaction (2). For structures with very small U eff − U max the reaction (3) becomes activated for U > U max, i.e. becomes the rate determining step.
Pourbaix diagrams.Besides activity, catalyst's stability in the range of electrochemical cell operation parameters is another important property. For electro-catalysts the most important cell operation parameters are, apart from temperature and pressure, the electrode potential and the activity of H+ ions measured by pH. A surface Pourbaix diagram provides information about the most stable overlayer structures according to Eq. (5) within the possible ranges of pH and the potential U versus SHE.
Pourbaix diagrams.We constructed the Pourbaix diagrams in the cases of pure fcc-Ni(111) surface (see the supporting information) and of the Cr doped and Cr decorated fcc-Ni(111) surfaces, shown in Figs. 9 and 10 . Because electro-corrosion limits electrode stability, we have considered the alkaline and acidic dissolution processes of Ni  to Ni ( OH ) 3 − and Ni2+ with standard potentials of 0.65V and −0.24V, respectively. In this study, we neglect formation of β-Ni(OH)2  in moderately alkaline environment (9<pH<12) as well as dissolution processes due to Cr. Our experiments have been performed at pH=14. In this strongly alkaline environment and U <1.23V (RHE), the only surface degradation process is the dissolution, predominantly to Ni(OH) 3 − .
Pourbaix diagrams.According to Eq. (5) all solid lines indicating transitions between different surface states, that are relevant for the ORR, are parallel to the water stability lines, i.e. the transitions H2O/O2(g) and H2O/H2(g) depicted as dashed lines in the diagrams. Thus, these states and the transitions between them are completely characterized by the potential relative to the RHE . In contrast, the dissolution processes do not follow Eq. (5) and therefore the SHE must be used as reference. Because it has been shown that good known ORR catalysts operate at about 0.8V (RHE)  we have drawn a corresponding line in each diagram.
Pourbaix diagrams.The Pourbaix diagram for pure Ni(111) has been already calculated by Hansen et al.  using the same method and was reproduced here. The diagram calculated in this work shown in the supporting information deviates only slightly from that in Ref.  due to the different density functional used. We found that the most stable overlayer structure is 1/2ML H above the H2 limit at 0V up to 0.19V (RHE). From 0.19V up to 0.38V (RHE) 1/4 ML O is adsorbed. Beyond 0.38V (RHE) the 1/3ML O p ( 3 × 3 ) R 30 ∘ structure, i.e. with adsorbed oxygen atoms at A, 1 and B fcc sites (see Fig. 1) is most stable. The 1/2 ML O structure is formed starting at 0.68V (RHE) but not seen in the Pourbaix diagram because of dissolution (see below). These results are in good agreement with the findings by Hansen et al. , who reported transitions from 1/4 ML H to 1/4 ML O and from 1/4ML O to 1/3ML O at 0.20V and 0.34V (RHE), respectively. They have found that the adsorbate-free Ni(111) surface is stable in the narrow range from 0.14 to 0.20V (RHE) which we do not detect. We note, however, that at around 0.19V the free energies of the adsorbate-free surface and of the 1/4ML O structure are very close within an error bracket of 0.1eV.
Pourbaix diagrams.The highest potential, at which the pure Ni(111) surface is stable against electrochemical dissolution is −0.14V (SHE) at pH=10 for which the acidic and alkaline dissolution have equal free energies. This potential corresponds to a maximum potential of 0.42V (RHE) and agree well with previously reported 0.38V (RHE) at pH=9.9 . At pH=10, the ORR involving the 1/4ML O and the 1/3ML O structures will not be prevented but will be limited to U <0.42V (RHE) due to dissolution. At pH=14, i.e. in the environment of our voltammetric measurements, the most active 1/3ML structure is not present. In addition, the maximum potential relevant for ORR is further lowered to 0.28V (RHE) due to dissolution.
Pourbaix diagrams.Now we consider the Cr doped surface for two different surface fractions of Cr, 1/4 and 1/9. For 1/4 Cr doping (see Fig. 9, left plot) the most stable structure for potentials above 0.04V (RHE) is 1/4ML O with O atoms at Cr. This 1/4ML O overlayer structure can be regarded as a substrate surface (1/4 CrO) for adsorption of an additional oxygen atom to a Cr-free site with much higher binding energy, as discussed above. Neglecting dissolution, 1/2ML O is formed above 0.58V (RHE). For 1/9 Cr doping (cf. Fig. 9, right plot) the 1/3ML O with all three O atoms at Cr is stable from −0.02 up to 0.43V (RHE). At higher potentials the 4/9 ML O with CrO3 and with an O atom at site B is formed.
Pourbaix diagrams.As for pure Ni(111), the dissolution also limits the stability of the Cr doped surface. Again, maximum stability against dissolution is realized at pH=10 independent of the Cr concentration. However, the pH stability range for the surface with adsorbed oxygen is extended: the 1/4 ML O structure is stable for pH>3.2 and the 1/3 ML O structure for pH>2.5 while on the unmodified surface the same structure is stable only for pH>6.7. At pH=10 the dissolution potentials for 1/4 Cr and 1/9 Cr doping are 0.13V and 0.22V, respectively, higher than those for pure Ni. At pH=14, that is experimentally more relevant, the stability of the 1/4 and 1/9 Cr doped surfaces against dissolution is considerably improved with 0.13 and 0.19V, respectively.
Pourbaix diagrams.Nevertheless, the more active high-coverage structures, such as 5/9 ML O and 1/2ML O, that are characterized by higher U eff and U max, cannot be realized practically because they are formed only at very high potentials which in turn cause catalyst's dissolution. For example, the formation potential of 5/9 ML O on the 1/9 Cr doped surface is about 0.12V higher than the dissolution potential. We note that for the 1/4 Cr doped surface the dissolution potential at pH=10 is only 0.03V below the minimum potential for 1/2ML O structure formation.
Pourbaix diagrams.Now we discuss the Pourbaix diagrams for the Cr decorated surface shown in Fig. 10. On the 1/4 Cr decorated surface (left plot), the only stable overlayer structure above −0.16V (RHE) is 1/2ML (O+OH) which includes an oxygen atom on top of decorating Cr atoms and a hydroxyl adsorbed at a Cr-free fcc site. These are sites 1 and A, respectively, shown in Fig. 1, rightmost drawing. Taking the H2O–H2 transition at 0V (RHE) into account, the 1/2ML H will not be stable on the Cr decorated surface because of hydrogen evolution. On the 1/9 Cr decorated surface (right plot), several different structures with increasing total coverage from 1/3ML up to 5/9ML occur with increasing potential. The 1/3ML O structure appearing at lowest potentials contains three oxygen atoms at Cr and no adsorbate species on the Ni sites. At higher potential an OH adsorbed at position B becomes stable, followed by a structure with an O atom at the same position (CrO3+O). The 5/9ML structure (CrO3+O+OH) with an OH at position B is stable above 0.30V (RHE). At potentials higher than 0.46V (RHE) the 5/9 ML (CrO3+2O) becomes the most stable structure.
Pourbaix diagrams.In common for both 1/4 and 1/9 Cr decorated surfaces is their significant stabilization against dissolution. Particularly at pH=10 the dissolution potentials are 0.34V higher than for the Cr-free surface. Thus, the surface is stable for ORR at potentials up to 0.79V (RHE). This is very close to the desired operation potential for an ORR catalyst marked by the dashed-dotted line in the diagram. At pH=14, the dissolution potentials of the 1/4 and 1/9 Cr decorated surfaces are 0.32 and 0.25V, respectively, higher than the dissolution potential of the Cr-free surface. This enables the operation at electrode potentials up to 0.60 and 0.52V (RHE), respectively, compared to only 0.28V (RHE) for the pure Ni surface at the same pH. Moreover, the high-coverage 1/2ML and 5/9ML structures, that are relevant for the ORR, are stable also at pH=14 for both Cr concentrations.
Free energy diagrams.The free energies of ORR surface intermediates give a more detailed insight into the catalytic properties of the nickel surface with and without modification with Cr. For the construction of the free energy diagrams we use the same approach as for the calculation of U eff and U max (see Section 4.2). In the Pourbaix diagrams we have found that not all investigated structures will be relevant because of insufficient stability against electrochemical corrosion at electrode potentials relevant for practical cell operation. Therefore, we will restrict our discussion to only two from the various structures evaluated in the previous sections. On pure Ni we calculated the highest U max for the 1/3ML O p ( 3 × 3 ) R 30 ∘ structure. From the Cr modified structures, the 5/9ML on 1/9 Cr decorated Ni(111) surface exhibits a high U eff and a very small difference U eff − U max. These selected structures occur at high potentials in the Pourbaix diagrams at pH=10 indicating stability of these structures against corrosion. The 5/9ML O structure on the Cr decorated surface is also stable at pH=14 while 1/4 ML O is the only stable structure on pure Ni at very low potentials and pH=14. The significantly more active 1/2ML O structure does not appear in the Pourbaix diagram. The free energy diagrams calculated for these and other structures can be found in the supporting information.
Free energy diagrams.In Fig. 11 we compare the change of free energy in the course of the ORR at three potentials: U =0, U = U max and U = U eff. The special case for U =0V (RHE) corresponds to a hypothetical short circuit.
Pure fcc Ni(111) surface.The dissociative adsorption of O2 is strongly exothermic with a change of the free energy Δ G 0 ( 1 ) = − 2.07 eV (see Fig. 11, left plot). This gives rise to a very low U eff =1.23−2.07/2=0.20V according to Eq. (8). The remaining small free energy is nearly equally distributed over the two electron transfer reactions: 0.18 eV for the O reduction (2) and 0.21 eV for the final OH reduction (3). This situation is reflected in the small difference U eff − U max of 20mV which is the same as the free energy barrier of the rate limiting O reduction step at U = U eff. Previously, the same reaction step was found to be rate limiting for the ORR at a vacancy in the same structure whereby U max =0.26V was reported .
Pure fcc Ni(111) surface.The ORR based on the 1/4ML O structure has been studied  previously. The O2 dissociative adsorption free energy Δ G 0 ( 1 ) is −2.31eV which is within 10% in very good agreement with −2.11eV from Ref.  and the free energies of the two subsequent electrochemical steps are in good qualitative agreement. Due to the very low U eff =0.07V this structure is not relevant for the ORR. The free energy diagram for this structure can be found in the supporting information.
Cr modified fcc Ni(111) surface.Now we discuss the ORR at a vacancy site in the 5/9ML O structure on the 1/9 Cr decorated surface (Fig. 11, right plot). The vacancy of the more active structure with U eff =0.38V is located at site A and this is the case shown. The vacancy at site B is less active with U eff =0.23V and not discussed. The dissociative adsorption of O2 is less exothermic on the 1/9 Cr decorated surface with change of free energy Δ G 0 ( 1 ) = − 1.69 eV leading to the significantly higher effective reversible potential. The subsequent electron transfer reactions (2) and (3) have well balanced free energies with Δ G 0 ( 2 ) = − 0.46 and Δ G 0 ( 3 ) = − 0.30 eV, respectively. The small free energy imbalance results in U max =0.30V which is 80mV lower than U eff. The rate determining step on the 1/9 Cr decorated surface is the OH reduction reaction for which the activation barrier is 80 meV at U = U eff.
Cr modified fcc Ni(111) surface.It was shown in the Pourbaix diagram (cf. Fig. 10, left) that the most stable structure on the 1/4 Cr decorated surface is 1/2ML O+OH. This structure is characterized by a moderate U eff =0.23V which is much higher than that for the 1/4ML O but lower than U eff for the 1/2ML O structure (see Fig. 6) due to a free energy decrease of 2.00eV of reaction (1). Moreover, the electron transfer reactions (2) and (3) have very different free energies −1.24 and 0.79eV, respectively, at U =0V. The high barrier of OH reduction is due to the strong OH stabilization in this structure. This is why there is no potential in the range from 0V to U 0 =1.23V for which the OH reduction is spontaneous. We attribute this effect to the very small distance between the OH adsorbates and between the decorating CrO. For all other Cr decorated structures at varied coverages we always find only moderate OH stabilization and U max >0V.
Conclusions.We have studied a Cr modified Ni based catalyst by means of electrochemical characterization and ab initio modeling using density functional theory. In an atomistic model we have considered different surface modifications with Cr, and varied the Cr fraction on the surface and the amount x of co-adsorbed oxygen (CrO x ). We have computed the binding energies of O and OH, as well as the free energies of all ORR steps along the O2 dissociative ORR route and the corresponding effective reversible potentials and critical potentials. Based on the computed free energies of the involved species and taking into account the electrode potential and pH, we have constructed the surface Pourbaix diagrams for the Ni(111) system with and without Cr. From the analysis of the binding energies and the surface stability diagrams we have selected surface structures relevant for ORR for which we constructed free energy diagrams and examined the influence of Cr modifications on the catalytic performance.
Conclusions.We have found that modification with Cr increases both the stability and the activity of the catalyst. First, adding CrO x enhances the catalytic activity of Cr-free sites which is indicated by the calculated high effective reversible potentials. This effect is overall more pronounced on the Cr doped surface than on the Cr decorated surface and becomes stronger with increasing x. Furthermore, adding CrO x moderately increases the overall thermodynamic stability of the surface and the resistance against electrochemical dissolution. Secondly, CrO x stabilizes OH when the co-adsorbed oxygen is on top of Cr atoms. The effect is particularly strong on Cr decorated surfaces but also present on the Cr doped surface with one co-adsorbed O on top of Cr. This OH stabilization protects the surface from undesired dissolution and hydrogen adsorption in very large ranges of potentials and pH. In addition, moderate OH stabilization improves the free energy balance between the two electron transfer reactions leading to higher critical potentials that are closer to the effective reversible potentials. The findings from the modeling study are in agreement with the detected positively shifted onset potentials in voltammetry characterizations.
Conclusions.The PBE density functional used in this work has been broadly used to study adsorption on metal surfaces , however, it is known to overestimate the chemisorption energies. This can be alleviated by using a version of the PBE functional adjusted for adsorbate/surface systems (RPBE) by Hammer et al.  or a many-body perturbation theory approach . The PBE functional is thus expected to yield overall lower O and OH binding energies and lower effective reversible potentials and critical potentials. Therefore, the catalytic activity could be somewhat underestimated in our model for both the Cr-free and Cr modified catalysts. Nevertheless, we expect that the qualitative trends are correctly captured and the key findings will not change with another gradient-corrected density functional.Current work focuses on model extension for Cr clusters instead of single atoms and coupling to a kinetic model. In addition, rotating disk electrode voltammetry and cell polarization curve measurements are under way.
Introduction.Driven by the significant global problems of environmental pollution and energy shortage, there is rapid development of sustainable and renewable energy resources [1–3], such as wind, solar, nuclear, and tidal energy [4–6]. Because of the intermittent nature of these alternative energy resources, however, highly efficient energy storage and conversion technologies are indispensable to fully utilize the generated electrical energy and maintain the stability of the power network. Supercapacitors (SCs), also known as the electrochemical capacitors (ECs), have been considered to be the most promising one for electrochemical energy storage because they exhibit high power densities, high charge-discharge rates, excellent safety, and minimal maintenance costs [7–11]. They are potential candidates for large-scale applications including power grids, electric vehicles, and aerospace applications. Hybrid supercapacitors, which combine a carbon-based negative electrode with a battery-type positive electrode based on fast redox reactions, have attracted particular attention because they can improve many times the principal characteristics of the capacitors as compared with electrochemical double layer capacitors (EDLCs) [12–15]. It is well known that the performance of a hybrid supercapacitor is determined mainly by the battery-type positive electrode. Therefore, the development and fabrication of novel battery-type electrode materials is crucial for realizing high-performance SCs.
Introduction.On the other hand, the electrolytic splitting of water to form hydrogen is another promising method for the large-scale storage of renewable but intermittent energy. The oxygen evolution reaction (OER) is a half-reaction of the electrochemical water splitting process that occurs on the anode. However, the slow kinetics of the OER severely constrains the hydrogen production at the cathode [16–19]. Therefore, highly efficient catalysts with low over-potential, reasonable current density, and good long-term stability are essential for increasing the rate of the OER. Currently, noble metal-based electrocatalysts such as IrO2 and RuO2 are regarded as the best candidates for OER. However, their large-scale industrial application is limited by the scarcity and high cost of noble metals . Thus, the development of effective OER catalysts based on earth-abundant materials is urgently needed.
Introduction.Transition metal oxides have received significant research attention for energy conversion and storage because of their reversible surface redox reactions, high natural abundance, and low environmental impact [22–25]. In particular, mixed transition metal oxides (i.e., containing at least two different metal cations) can exhibit superior electrochemical activity, electronic conductivity, and charge capacity compared to single transition metal oxides because of the synergistic effects of the metal cations . Hence, they have been wildly studied as promising battery-type faradaic electrode materials for hybrid SCs and effective electrocatalyst for OER. A typical example is ternary NiCo2O4, which in its various morphologies has been explored as electrode materials and shown higher capacitive performance and electrocatalytic activity than the single components of Co3O4 or NiO [28–31]. Another important example, CoMoO4, is anticipated to exhibit enhanced electrochemical performance in both SCs and OER catalysis, because of multiple beneficial redox reactions and good chemical stability [32–36].
Introduction.In addition, the electrochemical properties of electrode materials are closely related to their morphologies. Recently, hierarchical porous nanostructures have been proposed for high-performance electrochemical energy storage and conversion devices. These materials exhibit numerous sites suitable for surface or interfacial processes, facilitate the loading of guest species, and tolerate expansion and strain relaxation during repeated electrochemical processes [37–41].
Introduction.Herein, we report a hierarchical porous CoMoO4 nanostructure assembled from well-aligned uniform nanoneedle for use as multifunctional electroactive materials. These structures were synthesized via a facile one-step hydrothermal method. Nanoneedle subunits with needle-like leaves were stacked into a hierarchical architecture, with significant spaces and voids that facilitate the penetration of electrolyte and enhance the electrochemical properties of electrodes. When used as the electrode material for SCs and OER catalyst, the hierarchical CoMoO4 material exhibited high discharge capacity and exceptional electrocatalytic activity.
Experimental.Cobalt (II) chloride hexahydrate (CoCl2·6H2O, analytical grade), ammonium molybdate tetrahydrate ((NH4)6Mo7O24·4H2O, analytical grade), ethanol (analytical grade), acetylene black (analytical grade), and polytetrafluoroethylene aqueous dispersion (60 wt%) were purchased from Sinopharm Chemical Reagent Co., Ltd (China) and used without further purification. Distilled water was prepared using a Millipore distillation system.
CoMoO.CoMoO4 nanoneedle was synthesized via a previously reported facile hydrothermal process . In a typical procedure, cobalt (II) chloride hexahydrate (3 mmol) and ammonium molybdate tetrahydrate (3 mmol) were added to a beaker containing distilled water (60 mL), and fully dissolved under continuous magnetic stirring. The resulting reaction solution was then transferred into a Teflon-lined stainless-steel autoclave for hydrothermal reaction in an electric oven at 150 °C for 5 h. Subsequently, the reaction mixture was left to cool to room temperature. The product was collected by centrifugation at 5000 rpm for 5 min, washed five times with distilled water and absolute ethanol, and dried overnight at 60 °C to obtain the CoMo hydrate precursor. CoMoO4 nanoneedle was then prepared by annealing the CoMo hydrate precursor at 300 °C in pure argon for 3 h.
Characterization.Phase characterization of the synthesized nanostructures was conducted using powder X-ray diffraction (XRD; Cu-Kα, 0.154056 nm; Rigaku D/Max 2500 PC, Japan). The morphology and lattice structural information were examined using field emission scanning electron microscopy (FESEM; Hitachi S-4800) and transmission electron microscopy (TEM; FEI Tecnai G2 F20). The compositions of the products were examined using energy-dispersive X-ray spectroscopy (EDX) attached to the TEM system. Raman spectroscopy (532-nm YAG laser with a laser spot diameter of about 600 nm; Horiba JY-HR800 micro-Raman, Japan) was used to confirm the crystal structures.
Supercapacitor performance measurements.As the electrode for supercapacitors, the electrochemical properties of the CoMoO4 nanoneedle were studied in a three-electrode cell using 6.0 M aqueous KOH as the electrolyte. A Pt foil and a saturated calomel electrode (SCE) were used as the counter and reference electrodes, respectively. The potential value of SCE vs. reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE) is 0.241 V. The working electrode was prepared as follows. CoMoO4 nanoneedle was mixed with acetylene black and polytetrafluoroethylene dispersion in a mass ratio of 8:1:1 to form homogeneous slurry. The slurry was spread onto Ni foam (NF) current collector, which was then dried overnight in a vacuum oven at 60 °C. All electrochemical measurements were carried out using a CHI 660E electrochemical workstation. Cyclic voltammetry (CV) analysis was conducted at scan rates from 10 to 100 mV s−1, and galvanostatic charge-discharge (GCD) tests were conducted at current densities of 2–50 mA cm−2. Electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) was conducted using an alternating current with amplitude of 10 mV and a frequency range of 0.01 Hz–100 kHz.
Supercapacitor performance measurements.All capacitive values were shown in the form of capacity (C g−1), which was calculated from the GCD curves according to the following equation . (1) C s = I × t m where C s (C g−1) is the specific capacity, I (mA) is the discharge current, t (s) is the discharge time, m (mg) is the mass of the active material.
Evaluation of OER electrocatalytic activity.The electrocatalytic activity of CoMoO4 nanoneedle toward the OER was examined via linear sweep voltammograms (LSVs) generated on a CHI 660E electrochemistry workstation using a standard three-electrode system. A standard Hg/HgO electrode and a Pt foil were used as the reference and counter electrodes, respectively. The potential value of Hg/HgO vs. RHE is 0.095. The working electrode was a glassy carbon electrode (GCE; diameter: 3 mm) coated with 5 μL of homogenized catalyst mixture containing 5 mg of catalyst, 50 μL of Nafion solution (5 wt%), and 1 mL of water/ethanol (4:1 v/v). OER polarization curves were recorded in 1 M KOH at a scan rate of 5 mV s−1 at room temperature. According to Feng at el.,  all potential values were computed with respect to the reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE) using the following equation: (2) E vs RHE = E vs Hg/HgO + 0.059·pH + 0.095.
Morphology and structure of CoMoO.XRD measurements were used to characterize the crystallographic structures of the products. The XRD pattern of the CoMoO4 nanoneedle in Fig. 1 a is in good agreement with the standard pattern of monoclinic CoMoO4 (JCPDS, card no. 21-0868) , confirming the successful synthesis of CoMoO4.
Morphology and structure of CoMoO.The morphology and microstructural features of the CoMoO4 nanoneedle were examined using FESEM. In the low-magnification SEM image of Fig. 2 a, the nanoscale subunits are stacked together to form a grass-like hierarchical architecture. The acicular apexes of the nanoneedle are easily distinguishable in the magnified FESEM image (Fig. 2b), with numerous spaces and voids in the sample. These structural features are known to be favorable for energy conversion and storage applications [37–41].
Morphology and structure of CoMoO.To obtain detailed microstructural information of the CoMoO4 nanoneedle, TEM analysis was performed. Fig. 2c shows the acicular apex of a CoMoO4 crystal. The corresponding selected-area electron diffraction (SAED) pattern (Fig. 2c, inset) indicates a single-crystal structure. The high-resolution TEM image (Fig. 2d) shows an interplanar distance of around 0.338 nm, which is ascribed to the (002) crystal plane. The scanning TEM-EDX results (Fig. 2e) show that Co, Mo, and O were uniformly distributed throughout the nanoneedle. This demonstrates that a CoMoO binary metal oxide was formed, without the formation of Mo or Co single-metal oxides. The atomic ratio of CoMoO was about 1:1:4 according to the EDX analysis (Fig. 2f), in agreement with the formula of CoMoO4.
Morphology and structure of CoMoO.Fig. 3 shows a typical Raman spectrum of the CoMoO4 nanoneedle. The peaks at 923 and 867 cm−1 were attributed to the stretching modes of MoOMo and MoO, respectively, and those at 807 and 355 cm−1 were assigned to MoO4 vibrations .
Supercapacitor performance.The electrochemical performance of the CoMoO4 nanoneedle electrodes was evaluated by CV, GCD, and EIS. Fig. 4 a shows representative CV curves of the CoMoO4 electrode at scan rates from 10 to 100 mV s−1. All the curves clearly exhibit a pair of redox peaks, indicating a typical Faradic behavior. These CV curves are obviously distinct from those of a true pseudocapacitive electrode which is characterized by nearly rectangular CV curves observed for a capacitive carbon electrode. In addition, no significant changes in the curve shape were observed even at high scan rates, implying rapid ion and electron transport and high rate capability in the electrode. Fig. 4b shows GCD curves of CoMoO4 nanoneedle within a voltage range of 0–0.45 V at current densities from 2 to 50 mA cm−2. The voltage plateaus in all the discharge plots, confirming Faradic characteristics of the electrode, which is in accordance with the CV analysis. From the above electrochemical signatures (e.g., cyclic voltammogram and charge/discharge curve), the CoMoO4 nanoneedle presents analogous electrochemical behavior to that of a “battery” material and is considered as battery-type electrode. According to Brousse et al. , “capacity” is the most appropriate and meaningful metric and not capacitance to be used in such cases. Accordingly, the specific capacity (C g−1) instead of capacitance (F g−1) of the electrodes based on the discharge cycles of GCD curves should be calculated according to the equation (1). The calculated specific capacity are 1628.1, 1550.3, 1134.9, 1020.2, 972.0 and 874.8 C g−1 at current densities of 2, 3, 5, 10, 30 and 50 mA cm−2, respectively. Fig. 4c shows the specific capacity and the capacity retention of CoMoO4 nanoneedle at various current densities. Obviously, the CoMoO4 nanoneedle electrode exhibits high capacity, especially, when the current density was increased to 50 mA cm−2, the CoMoO4 nanoneedle still exhibited an impressive capacity (874.8 C g−1, ∼53.75% of the initial value), indicating its excellent rate behavior. The specific capacity reported here is much higher than those reported for CoMoO4 and CoMoO4 based composite materials, such as CoMoO4 nanorods (210 C g−1 at 1 mA cm−2),  CoMoO4@Co3O4/OMEP (525.6 C g−1 at 3.6 mA cm−2),  CoMoO4@MnO2 (1079.7 C g−1 at 3 mA cm−2),  Co3O4@CoMoO4 (903.6 C g−1 at 9.9 mA cm−2),  CoMoO4@NiMoO4 (819.9 C g−1 at 10 mA cm−2),  etc.
Supercapacitor performance.The cycling performance of the CoMoO4 nanoneedle was evaluated at a constant current density of 10 mA cm−2. As shown in Fig. 4d, after 5000 cycles, the specific capacity of the electrode decreased from 1134.1 to 1075.5 C g−1, which corresponds to capacitance retention of 90.54%.
Supercapacitor performance.EIS was conducted before and after 5000 cycles to characterize the cycling stability and integrity of the electrode material. Fig. 5 shows the corresponding Nyquist plots, which are characterized by a depressed semicircle in the high-frequency range and a straight line in the low-frequency range. The inset shows the equivalent circuit for the Nyquist plot fitting. The intercept of the plots at the Z′-axis represents the solution resistance R s. The diameter of the semicircle represents the interfacial charge transfer resistance R ct, which is an important parameter in characterizing Faradaic reactions. The straight line represents the Warburg impedance (Z W). Before cycling, the CoMoO4 electrode exhibited low R s and R ct values, indicating high electrochemical activity. Moreover, the approximately straight line in the low frequency range suggests efficient ion diffusion in the electrolyte. After 5000 cycles, the R ct value increased from 8.81 to 25.21 Ω, due to the exfoliation of a small amount of active material during the repeated charge-discharge process. No significant changes in Z W or R s were observed after 5000 cycles, further demonstrating the excellent electrochemical cycling stability of the CoMoO4 nanoneedle electrodes.
Supercapacitor performance.The exceptional supercapacitor performance described above was attributed to the unique hierarchical porous structure of the electrode material. While monoclinic CoMoO4 exhibits high electrical conductivity and electrochemical activity, the 2D nanoneedle subunits further provide more exposed reaction sites and shorter ionic and electronic diffusion distances. The high porosity also facilitates ion diffusion and increases the accessibility of the active materials to the electrolyte ions, resulting in enhanced reaction activity. Moreover, the substantial void spaces can buffer the volume expansion during cycling to create a robust structure.
OER electrocatalytic activity.The electrocatalytic activity of CoMoO4 nanoneedle for the OER was examined using a typical three-electrode cell setup. The performances of a bare GCE and commercial IrO2 catalyst were also compared under the same conditions. Fig. 6 a shows the LSV curves in 1.0 M KOH at a scan rate of 5 mVs−1. As expected, the bare GCE exhibited almost no OER, while the CoMoO4 nanoneedle exhibited an OER onset potential of 1.37 V, which is lower than that for IrO2 (1.47 V). Beyond the onset potential, the OER current also increased faster for the nanoneedle. A current density of 10 mA cm−2 is commonly used to assess solar fuel synthesis , and this value was achieved at the overpotential (η) of 235 mV for CoMoO4 and 340 mV for IrO2. The relatively lower η value required for CoMoO4 to reach the target current density confirms its excellent electrocatalytic activity for the OER. To characterize the relation between the overpotential and steady-state current density, the linear fitting plots of Tafel were constructed. According to Fig. 6b, the CoMoO4 nanoneedle exhibited a smaller Tafel slope (66 mV Dec−1) than IrO2 (72 mV Dec−1). A detailed comparison of OER electrocatalytic activity of CoMoO4 nangrass with other reported CoMoO4 and CoMoO4 composite materials is included in Table 1 , revealing its excellent electrochemical performance. These results suggested that CoMoO4 nanoneedle is an efficient OER catalyst and unambiguously demonstrated the beneficial effect of the unique architecture of CoMoO4 for electrocatalytic reaction.
Conclusions.In summary, we successfully fabricated a hierarchical nanostructure of CoMoO4 nanoneedle via a simple one-step hydrothermal method. This structure formed by 2D nanosheet subunits displays unique structural features including a high porosity. Importantly, the fabricated structure demonstrated excellent supercapacitor performance and remarkable OER electrocatalytic activity. Hence, this new nanomaterial may be suitable for use in novel high-performance supercapacitors and high-efficiency OER electrocatalysts.
Introduction.Heavy metals released by anthropogenic activities in industrial, domestic and technological applications have raised increasing concern . Toxic heavy metals at trace level, particularly cadmium(II), lead(II), copper(II) and mercury(II), can pose detrimental risks to both environment and human health. Thus, the detection of toxic heavy metal at trace level is of major concern. Although conventional detection appliances including atomic absorption spectroscopy , inductively coupled plasma optical emission spectroscopy , UV–vis spectroscopy , colorimetric analysis  and ion chromatography  have provided highly reliable results and sensitivities, they often require well-trained technicians and complex instrumentation, which limit their on-site practical applications for detecting multiple target contaminants. Electrochemical detection of heavy metals have attracted growing interests due to the advantages of portability, high sensitivity, simultaneous determination of analytes with simple instrumentation and low maintenance cost. Square wave anodic stripping voltammetry (SWASV), as a simple, rapid and sensitive electroanalytical technique, has been established as a powerful tool for the determination of trace concentrations of heavy metal ions originated from various environmental, clinical, and industrial activities . As is well known, the properties of the electrode material can have determinative effect on the performance of chemically modified electrodes . Besides, the co-existence of multiple heavy metal ions poses great challenge for reliable and highly sensitive on-site detection due to their mutual interference arisen from the formation of intermediate alloys including amalgams  and competition in adsorption on electroactive sites . This has been addressed by the development of highly electrocatalytic electrode materials including carbon-based composites , noble metal nanoparticles , metal oxides , as well as various functional polymers with designated electrostatic charge for enhanced affinity to specific metal ions due to chelating effect or ionophore channels . Therefore, studies on electrochemical sensors based on novel materials with excellent sensing performance towards trace detection of multiple heavy metal ions should be of great significance.
Introduction.A new family of two-dimensional (2D) materials, labeled MXenes, have triggered great research enthusiasm since their discovery in 2011 , which benefits from their superior characteristics of good electrical conductivity, hydrophilicity and environmentally-friendly characteristics [18–20]. MXenes are synthesized by selectively etching out the A-layers from the layered hexagonal transition metal carbides and/or nitrides, termed MAX phases. The latter are denoted as M n+1 AX n (n =1–3), where M represents an early transition metal, A represents an element from group IIIA or IVA in the periodic table, and X is C and/or N . To date, at least 20 different MXenes have already been reported [18,21–24], and the MXenes family is expected to expand over 70 MAX phases .
Introduction.It is noteworthy that the surfaces of pristine MXenes are terminated by oxygen-containing groups, such as hydroxyl, oxygen and some fluorine (F) introduced in the etching process with HF acid, resulting in the formation of M–OH, M–O and M–F bondings [19–24]. The F− or O− functionalized surface of Ti2C-based MXene has shown strong anchoring effect to polysulfides for application in lithium-sulfur batteries , and preferential adsorption of a cationic dye, methylene blue over an anionic dye, acid blue 80, due to beneficial electrostatic interactions on the negatively charged Ti3C2 surfaces . Thus, the surface functional groups may bring about drastic changes in the properties and characteristics of MXenes, and tailoring these surface functionalities is a feasible and effective method for the manipulation of material properties and reactivity. Similar to many other layered materials, the space between the MXene sheets allows for the readily and spontaneous intercalation of a variety of alkaline and alkaline earth cations (Li+, K+, Na+, Mg2+) . The spontaneous cation intercalation may lead to changes in MXene surface chemistry , and a certain number of applications for MXenes have been explored [30–35]. For example, several theoretical and experimental studies have revealed that surface modulation for MXenes by alkalization interaction treatment can significantly influence the binding energies and adsorption capacities of heavy metal ions [33–35]. In fact, pristine Ti3C2 modified electrode has proved extremely sensitive for electrochemical sensing applications, including the detection of H2O2 , the sensing of nitrite using Ti3C2 with immobilized hemoglobin (Hb)  and the determination of glucose using Ti3C2 MXene immobilized with glucose oxidase and modified by gold nanoparticles . As it has been shown that the electrochemical sensing performance was closely associated with the adsorption ability, an enhanced adsorption ability of modified material will result in further enhanced performance for electrochemical detection [10,39–42]. Considering these properties, an alkalization-intercalated matrix for MXenes may offer fascinating potential for the electrochemical detection of heavy metal ions. However, to the best of our knowledge, the use of MXenes for electrochemical detection of heavy metals has not been reported.
Introduction.Therefore, in the present work, we synthesized a layered MXene structure material, the alkalization-intercalated Ti3C2 (alk-Ti3C2), and utilized it as the electrode material for the highly efficient electrochemical detection of Cd(II), Pb(II), Cu(II) and Hg(II). Interaction of KOH on the interlayer spacing of multilayer Ti3C2 was explored and the cation-exchanged surface chemistry was manipulated to investigate the electrochemical detection characteristics of heavy metal ions. A sensitive platform for individual and simultaneous electrochemical analysis of Cd(II), Pb(II), Cu(II) and Hg(II) was presented based on the alk-Ti3C2 modified electrode under optimized condition. The mechanisms of metal ion detection as well as the mutual interference among the four target heavy metal ions were also analyzed.
Reagents.All reagents were commercially available from Sinopharm Chemical Reagent Co., Ltd. (China) with analytical grade and were used without further purification. All solutions were prepared using Milli-Q ultrapure water (Millipore, 18.2MΩ·cm). Acetate buffer solution (HAc–NaAc, 0.1M) was prepared by mixing solutions of 0.1M acetic acid and 0.1M sodium acetate.
Synthesis of alk-Ti.Ti3AlC2 powder was prepared by pressureless calcination of a mixture of Ti, Al, TiC and graphite powders . The multilayer Ti3C2 powder was prepared by selectively etching the Al layer from Ti3AlC2. Ti3AlC2 powder was sieved through a 300mesh (0.5g), immersed in 10mL HF solution (40wt%) and continuously stirred for 48h at 40°C. Then the resulting Ti3C2 was rinsed with deionized water until the pH of the solution reached 5−6. The product was then separated by centrifuge and collected from vials using ethanol, followed by drying in a vacuum oven at 50°C for 12h.
Synthesis of alk-Ti.The alkaline intercalation of Ti3C2 was carried out using the following method: Multilayer Ti3C2 power of 0.05g was dispersed in 5mL of KOH solution (5wt%) and stirred magnetically for 24h at room temperature. Then the alk-Ti3C2 suspension was washed several times using deionized water and centrifuged to separate the settled powders from the supernatant. Final product of alk-Ti3C2 was obtained by drying in a vacuum oven at 50°C for 12h.
Preparation of modified electrode.Prior to each experiment, bare glassy carbon electrode (GCE) was sequentially polished with 1μm, 0.3μm and 0.05μm of alumina powder, respectively. Then, the polished GCE was successively sonicated with HNO3 aqueous solution (1:1, v/v), ethanol and distilled water to remove any adsorbed substances on the electrode surface. Alk-Ti3C2 of 4mg was dissolved in 4mL of anhydrous ethanol and sonicated for 1min to form a homogeneous suspension. Then, a 4μL aliquot of this suspension was pipetted onto the surface of the polished GCE and the solvents were left to evaporate for several hours under ambient conditions.
Apparatus.The phase of the product was investigated by X-ray powder diffraction (XRD, PANalytical X'pert PRO MRD, Netherlands) with Cu Kα radiation in a range of 2θ from 5° to 65°. A field emission scanning electron microscope (FESEM, FEI, Sirion200) was used to characterize the morphology of the synthesized MXene structure. X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) was conducted on a VG MultiLab 2000 system with a monochromatic Al Kα X-ray source (Thermo VG Scientific).
Apparatus.All electrochemical measurements were conducted with a potentiostat (CHI660E, Chenhua Instrument Co., Shanghai, China). The electrochemical cell was assembled with a conventional three-electrode system: a modified glassy carbon electrode with a diameter of 3mm as the working electrode, a Pt plate as the counter electrode and a Ag/AgCl in saturated KCl solution as the reference electrode, against which all electrochemical measurements were conducted in this study. Cyclic voltammetric (CV) experiments were carried out with the scan rate of 50mVs−1 in 5mM Fe(CN)6 3−/4− solution containing 0.1M KCl supporting electrolyte. Electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) measurements were conducted in the frequency range from 100kHz to 0.01Hz at 5mV modulation amplitude using the same probe.
Electrochemical detection of heavy metals.SWASV measurements were performed for the detection of heavy metal ions in 0.1M acetate buffer solution (pH 5.0) containing Cd(II), Pb(II), Cu(II) and Hg(II). The preconcentration step was carried out at the potential of −1.2V for 150s with stirring. After an equilibration period of 15s, the anodic stripping voltammograms were then recorded in the potential range from −1.0 to 0.5V. The squared-wave potential scan was applied with increment potential of 4mV, amplitude of 25mV and frequency of 15Hz. A desorption potential of 0.8V was performed for 120s to remove the residual heavy metal ions under constant stirring condition after each anodic stripping measurement. All the experiments were carried out at room temperature in ambient condition.
Material characterization.The schematic structural illustrations of the parental Ti3AlC2 MAX phase and the post-etching MXene before and after alkalization treatment are presented in Fig. 1 . The representative diffraction peaks of the XRD patterns of the parental Ti3AlC2 MAX phase fitted well with Ti3AlC2 (JCPDS card No. 52-0875) (Fig. 2 ). A drastic loss in crystallinity and structural order after exfoliation was clearly demonstrated comparing the XRD patterns before and after HF exfoliation (Ti3AlC2 vs. Ti3C2), confirming the etching of Al interlayer from the structure. When Ti3C2 was treated with KOH, the (002) peak was further broadened and shifted to a lower diffraction angle due to the increase in the c lattice parameter, c-LPs, from 18.6370Å in Ti3AlC2 to 19.7406Å and 26.1866Å after etching and alkalization. It is thus reasonable to assume that the intercalation of K+ ions into the interlamination of Ti3C2 was successfully achieved.
Material characterization.The morphologies of synthesized materials are characterized with FESEM (Fig. 3 a–d). The pristine Ti3AlC2 particles exhibited a closely aligned layered structure. After 48h HF etching, the layered structure of Ti3C2 became very obvious, which was similar to lamellar graphite, where they presented loosely packed accordion-like morphology, and the layers were obviously separated from each other compared to the untreated sample (Ti3AlC2). The high magnification image shown in Fig. 3c reveals that there are many nano- and submicro-scale spaces between the flakes, which provide abundant channels and active sites for ion intercalation. Intercalation of K+ into the Ti3C2 layers didn’t alter the morphology of the sample drastically, as shown in Fig. 3d. However, the alk-Ti3C2 sheets seems covered by a thin layer of fluffy nanoparticles, indicating possible oxidation process induced during the intercalation process.
Material characterization.Insights into the surface chemical structures of Ti3C2 before and after KOH intercalation are revealed by XPS characterization (Fig. 4 ). In the survey region (0−1200eV), the signals from elements C, Ti, O and F could be clearly detected for both samples (Fig. 4a). The K binding energy peaks at around 377eV (K 2s) after KOH treatment demonstrated its successful intercalation. Atomic concentration of Ti, F, O and C elements on the surface of the Ti3C2 before and after alkaline intercalation are listed in Table 1 . Intercalation of K+ increased the O concentration (13.37 at% in Ti3C2 vs. 33.20 at% in alk-Ti3C2) and decreased the F concentration (10.92 at% in Ti3C2 vs. 3.74 at% in alk-Ti3C2) drastically, while both Ti and C were slightly decreased. This result indicated that the alkalization process initiated and promoted the transformation from the −F groups to the −OH groups. As shown in Fig. 4b, the Ti 2p for the Ti3C2 sample was fitted with five doublets (Ti 2p3/2−Ti 2p1/2) with a fixed area ratio of 2:1 and doublet separation of about 5.7eV. The components centered at 455.1, 456.0, 457.1, 459.1 and 459.8eV were assigned as Ti, Ti2+, Ti3+, TiO2 and C−Ti−Fx, respectively. A small amount of TiO2 was likely originated from the reaction between Ti3C2 and the OH groups caused by the local heat generated during HF treatment of Ti3AlC2 . For the alk-Ti3C2 sample, the proportion of the Ti 2p region attributed to TiO2 increased. However, it is reasonable to assume that the oxidation of layered Ti3C2 may take place by oxygen dissolved in water due to the high activity of their defective and large exposed surfaces, especially at layer edges. The C 1s spectrum of the layered Ti3C2 was fitted by five components located at 281.7, 282.2, 284.8, 286.2 and 288.6eV, which were ascribed to C−Ti, C−Ti−Oa, C−C/C−H, C−O, and C−F bonds, respectively (Fig. 4c). After intercalation with KOH, the C–Ti component shifted to lower binding energy, which might be caused by the reaction between the Ti layer and hydroxyl groups .
Electrochemical characterization of alk-Ti.The electrochemical properties of the modified glassy carbon electrodes were investigated with cyclic voltammetry (CV) (Fig. 5 a). Compared with the bare GCE, obvious decreased anodic and cathodic peaks of Fe(CN)6 3−/4− were observed for the Ti3C2 modified electrode, together with a much enlarged peak-peak separation, indicating that the attachment of fluorine and oxygen terminated Ti3C2 to the electrode surface could hinder the rate of electron transfer at the electrode surface. This is consistent with the report that the electron transfer kinetics was retarded on the halogen terminated diamond electrode, probably due to the large surface dipole oriented with a negative charged tail away from the surface, the relative low polarizability of fluorine group due to strong electronegativity of fluorine and the surface hydrophobicity that exhibits poor interaction with Fe(CN)6 3−/4− anions . However, the electrode modified with alk-Ti3C2 showed much larger peak current and well-defined peaks compared with the Ti3C2 electrode. The strongly electronegative fluorine functional groups were substituted with much less electronegative hydroxyl moieties after alkalization treatment, resulting in a hydrophilic surface with much smaller surface dipoles. However, electron transfer kinetics on alk-Ti3C2 was still slightly slower than bare glassy carbon judged from the peak-peak separation. This is in agreement with the literature that slightly negative-charged hydroxyl on electrode surface can act as a repulsive site with respect to negative charged redox mediator Fe(CN)6 3−/4− . However the electron transfer to positive charged ions, such as the heavy metal analytes in this study, would be enhanced due to the electrostatic interaction .
Electrochemical characterization of alk-Ti.EIS was also employed to characterize the interface properties of the modified electrodes (Fig. 5b). The semicircle portion, observed at higher frequencies, corresponds to the electron transfer-limited process. The semicircle diameter reflects the charge transfer resistance (R ct). The R ct value corresponding to Ti3C2 was about 2323.0Ω, which was much larger than that of GCE (57.7Ω), indicating an inhibited electron-transfer kinetics of the redox probe at the electrode interface . This is consistent with the CV characterization and can be attributed to the large negative dipole and surface hydrophobicity associated with the fluorine termination . However, the R ct value was significantly decreased from 2323.0Ω to 264.6Ω, which implied a much lower interfacial electron transfer resistance at the alk-Ti3C2 modified electrode compared to that of the Ti3C2/GCE. This is in line with the low peak-peak separation observed from the CV measurement due to the substitution of strong electronegative fluorine with hydroxyl group and the enhanced hydrophilicity .
Electrochemical characterization of alk-Ti.The analytical characteristics of the bare GCE, Ti3C2 and alk-Ti3C2 modified GCE were evaluated using SWASV for the detection of Cd(II), Pb(II), Cu(II) and Hg(II) with an individual concentration of 1.0μM (Fig. 5c). Compared with the current response with bare GCE, four well defined stripping peaks were observed on the two modified electrodes, and the alk-Ti3C2/GCE demonstrated higher peak current of Pb(II) and Cu(II) than that obtained with Ti3C2/GCE. It has been previously reported that the binding energies of Pb(II) and Cu(II) for F−decoration on MXenes were very limited based on first-principles calculations of the density functional theory, and the existence of −F would reduce the adsorption capacity toward these two types of heavy metal ions . This result is consistent with the higher atomic concentration of F atom in Ti3C2 compared to that of alk-Ti3C2 (Table 1). Besides, the existences of [Ti−O]−H+ and [Ti−O]−K+ groups may have promoted the ion-exchange behavior, and thus facilitated the adsorption of heavy metal ions which was reduced to metallic form during the deposition step at −1.2V . Moreover, the oxidation conversion of Ti3C2 layers into nanoscale TiO2 might enlarge the accessible surface area of the modified electrode, hence further improving the sensitivity of stripping measurement. Thus, alk-Ti3C2 modified GCE demonstrated as a feasible sensing electrode for simultaneous detection of Cd(II), Pb(II), Cu(II) and Hg(II).
Optimization of experimental conditions.To determine the optimum conditions for most sensitive analysis, analytical parameters including pH value, deposition potential, and deposition time were optimized for heavy metal detection with the alk-Ti3C2 modified GCE.
Optimization of experimental conditions.The influence of electrolyte pH on the stripping current was examined from 3.0 to 6.0 (Fig. 6 a). The peak currents of all four target metal ions increased when the pH value increased from 3.0 to 5.0. The uptake of heavy metal ions onto alk-Ti3C2 might be attributed to ion exchange due to the presence of [Ti−O]−H+ and [Ti−O]−K+ groups, so the decrease of pH from 5.0 could weaken the ion exchange behavior and reduce the stripping potentials . The peak currents began to decrease when pH further increased to 6.0. The decrease in peak currents could be due to the formation of metal ions hydroxide complexes, which inhibited the accumulation of Cd(II), Pb(II), Cu(II) and Hg(II) . Considering that the stripping peak currents presented maximum responses at pH of 5.0, this pH value was selected for all the following experiments.
Optimization of experimental conditions.Deposition potential is another critical factor for the electrochemical detection of heavy metal ions (Fig. 6b). Deposition potentials ranging from −1.4 to −1V showed that the stripping currents of all four metal ions were comparatively higher at a more negative potential. However, as the deposition potential became more negative (e.g. −1.4V), the reproducibility became poorer due to more significant hydrogen evolution in acetate buffer. Thus, −1.2V was chosen for all the subsequent experiments with high sensitivity and reproducibility. The effect of deposition time on the stripping peak currents was also examined from 30 to 300s (Fig. 6c). The response of stripping peak currents increased almost linearly with the increase of deposition time. A deposition time of 150s was chosen throughout the experiment as a compromise between high sensitivity, good reproducibility and short measurement time preferential for practical applications.
Stripping behaviors of Cd(II), Pb(II), Cu(II) and Hg(II).Sensitivity, selectivity, reproducibility as well as linearity are some of the most critical parameters for the development of next generation on-site electrochemical heavy metal sensors. The alk-Ti3C2 modified glassy carbon electrode was adopted for the detection of each individual heavy metal ions as well as the co-existed Cd(II), Pb(II), Cu(II) and Hg(II). The stripping behavior of Pb(II) in the ranges of 0.10−0.55μM as well as the corresponding calibration plots are shown in Fig. 7 a. The linearization equation was I (μA)=27.56C (μM) − 2.31, with the correlation coefficients of 0.9969. The limit of detection (LOD) was calculated to be 0.032μM with 3σ method. The 3σ LOD is calculated from 3SD/S, where SD is the standard deviation of the measurements and S is the slope of the calibration plot. The stripping behaviors of Cd(II) in the ranges of 0.1−1μM and Cu(II) in the ranges of 0.1−1.4μM were also examined (Fig. 7b and c). The calibration curves and correlation coefficients are y (μA)=15.39C (μM) − 0.62, R2 =0.9938 for Cd(II), y (μA)=8.72C (μM) − 0.62, R2 =0.9990 for Cu(II), respectively. The LODs were 0.082μM for Cd(II) and 0.039μM for Cu(II), respectively. Stripping behavior of Hg(II) in the ranges of 1.0−1.9μM demonstrated lower sensitivity compared to Pb(II), Cd(II) and Cu(II) (Fig. 7d). The linear equation was I (μA)=3.69C (μM) − 3.31, with the correlation coefficient of 0.9962 and LOD of 0.066μM. The results showed that the alk-Ti3C2 modified glassy carbon electrode was capable of detecting Cd(II), Pb(II), Cu(II) or Hg(II) individually, with excellent electrochemical performance towards Pb(II).
Stripping behaviors of Cd(II), Pb(II), Cu(II) and Hg(II).Multiple co-existed metal ions are frequently encountered during practical sensing applications. Mutual interference among each of the components poses great challenge for detection and calibration of the target contamination with high precision and sensitivity. Simultaneous determination of Cd(II), Pb(II), Cu(II) and Hg(II) in the ranges of 0.1−1.5μM were performed in 0.1M acetate buffer with the alk-Ti3C2 modified GCE (Fig. 8 a). The corresponding linearization equations were I (μA)=7.15C (μM) − 0.94, I (μA)=32.10C (μM) − 1.40, I (μA)=20.59C (μM) − 1.78 and I (μA)=20.47C (μM) − 9.80 for Cd(II), Pb(II), Cu(II) and Hg(II) respectively, with the corresponding correlation coefficients of 0.9935, 0.9980, 0.9993 and 0.9694, respectively (Fig. 8b). The results obtained for LOD were found to be 0.098μM, 0.041μM, 0.032μM and 0.130μM, respectively. All these four species exhibit well separated voltammetric peaks without significant mutual interference with the increased metal ion concentrations, providing solid evidence that the alk-Ti3C2 modified GCE electrode can act as a reliable platform for simultaneous and selective detection of co-existed metal ions.
Stripping behaviors of Cd(II), Pb(II), Cu(II) and Hg(II).Deposition time, linear range, sensitivity and detection limit toward Cd(II), Pb(II), Cu(II) and Hg(II) were compared with previously determined values in other reports using various electrode materials (Table 2 ). The sensitivities shown in this work were superior to most reports [52–56], and these obtained LOD in our work could compare favorably with other reports. More importantly, the above results are expected to open the door for a series of promising electrode materials based on the family of MXenes. Graphene is one of the mostly used building block for electrochemical sensors due to its layered structure with high conductivity, providing rich active sites for surface group modification [57–60]. The structure of Ti3C2 MXene, while holding similar attractive merits as graphene, provides unique properties that are complementary to those of graphene. Their multilayered structures usually contain elements that have highly affinity properties to heavy metal ions, such as titanium (Ti) and vanadium (V), making it more appealing in the detection of heavy metal ions .
Evaluation of mutual interferences.Intermetallic interference were noticed for simultaneous detection of the co-existed Cd(II), Pb(II), Cu(II) and Hg(II), where the correlation coefficient, LOD and sensitivity were shifted from the detection results of single metal ions. Specifically, the stripping signals of Pb(II), Cd(II), Cu(II) and Hg(II) were all increased with co-existed heavy metals. The variation between multiple and single target detection was due to intermetallic interference . Various factors including competitive deposition, formation of intermetallic compounds and peak overlap, etc., could have significant influence on the determination of some metal ions during anodic stripping process, especially when Hg, a widely used electrode material for electrochemical detection of metal ions by favorably forming intermetallic compounds, co-existed with other target metal ions. Therefore, further investigation was performed using alk-Ti3C2 electrode to shed light on the interference among different heavy metal ions, especially Hg(II).
Evaluation of mutual interferences.SWASV analysis for the simultaneous detection of Cu(II) and Hg(II) of increasing concentrations was conducted in the ranges of 0.1–0.5μM and 0.2–1.0μM respectively using alk-Ti3C2 electrode (Fig. 9 a). Compared with the detection of Cu(II) or Hg(II) individually, the stripping signal of Cu(II) increased significantly (Fig. 9b), whereas the signal of Hg(II) remained at a comparatively lower level. Hg(II) strongly interferes with the determination of Cu(II) due to the formation of mercury film and followed by the Cu–Hg intermetallic compound  at the alk-Ti3C2 electrode surface, thus improving the sensitivity toward Cu(II).
Evaluation of mutual interferences.The interference of Pb(II) on the detection of co-existed Cu(II) (0.5μM) and Hg(II) (1μM) were also examined with a varied Pb(II) concentrations in the ranges of 0.2–1μM (Fig. 10 a). It could be seen that the detections of both Cu(II) and Hg(II) were disturbed by Pb(II), with Cu(II) showing the largest drop of stripping peak current from 13.41 to 10.07μA at the lowest level of Pb(II) (0.2μM). With the further increase of Pb(II) concentration, the signal of Cu(II) kept comparatively stable. However, stripping current peaks of Hg(II) were affected by all tested Pb(II) concentrations (Fig. 10b). The surface [Ti−O]−H+ and [Ti−O]−K+ groups exhibit strong metal−ligand interaction with Pb(II) in aqueous solutions , thus the available sites on the electrode surface provided preferential adsorption of Pb(II), resulting in reduced stripping peak current of Cu(II) during the simultaneous analysis of Pb(II) and Cu(II). Moreover, an additional current peak was observed at about −0.45V, which might be due to the formation of intermetallic compounds such as Pb−Cu during the deposition stage and thus suppressed the intensities of the Pb(II) and Cu(II) peaks . However, the sensitivity of the electrode response toward Pb(II) was found to be 37.00μA/μM, which was higher than the value from individual analysis (27.56μA/μM). As is widely recognized, the mercury electrodes have been used extensively to enhance the sensitivity of heavy metal ions in stripping voltammetry for many years [64–66]. Therefore, the formation of a Hg film followed by forming an amalgam  on the surface of alk-Ti3C2 increased the peak current of Pb(II).
Evaluation of mutual interferences.Similarly, the interferences of Cd(II) on the detection of co-existed Cd(II) (0.5μM) and Hg(II) (1μM) were also examined with a varied Cd(II) concentration in the ranges of 0.5–2.5μM (Fig. 10c). Elevating the concentration of Cd(II) increased the stripping peak current of Cu(II) slightly from 10.78 to 12.82μA, while the peak current of Hg(II) was enhanced more significantly (Fig. 10d). This tendency was likely due to the formation of Cd film and followed by the formation of Cd−Hg and Cd−Cu intermetallic compounds during the simultaneous accumulation , thus resulting in the change of sensitivity. Therefore, the obvious suppression of the stripping response toward Cd(II) during simultaneous analysis of the four target heavy metal ions was probably due to the competition between Pb(II) and Cd(II) at the limited number of active sites of the electrode surface. Despite the interaction among the four heavy metal ions, the voltammetric peaks were well separated in the presence of multiple heavy metal ions, and wide linear ranges and high sensitivity were exhibited, demonstrating that the alk-Ti3C2 modified GCE could serve as a promising platform for the simultaneous detection of the four target heavy metal ions.
Stability and reproducibility of experimental measurements.The stability of the alk-Ti3C2 modified GCE was investigated by 10 repetitive measurements of 0.7μM Cd(II), Pb(II), Cu(II) and Hg(II) at the same modified electrode under the optimized experimental conditions. The SWASV responses for the four target heavy metal ions were highly reproducible (Fig. 11 a), with relative standard deviation (RSD) values of 7.55% for Cd(II), 1.70% for Pb(II), 1.02% for Cu(II) and 1.43% for Hg(II), respectively. Furthermore, the alk-Ti3C2 modified GCE was stored in the refrigerator at 4°C for a period of three weeks, and the stripping peak currents for Cd(II), Pb(II), Cu(II) and Hg(II) were retained at 90.5%, 94.3%, 96.3% and 93.8% of their initial values, respectively. These results demonstrate the good stability of the alk-Ti3C2 modified electrode. The reproducibility study was also carried out in the simultaneous detection of 0.7μM Cd(II), Pb(II), Cu(II) and Hg(II) using five alk-Ti3C2 modified GCEs fabricated following identical procedure. The RSD values for Cd(II), Pb(II), Cu(II) and Hg(II) were 6.57%, 0.80%, 2.16% and 4.05% (Fig. 11b), respectively, indicating a good reproducibility of the developed electrochemical sensor.
Conclusions.An exfoliation and alkaline intercalation method was employed to synthesize the 2D layered alk-Ti3C2 MXene with unique morphology and surface chemistry. The synthesized material significantly improved the electrochemical response for the detection of the co-existed Cd(II), Pb(II), Cu(II) and Hg(II), with a high sensitivity superior to most of the reported values. The peak potentials of each heavy metal are well defined and sufficiently separated during the simultaneous voltammetric determination of four target heavy metal ions. More significantly, an interesting phenomenon of mutual interference was also observed. Pb(II) was preferentially deposited on the available sites of electrode surface in the presence of Cd(II), Cu(II) and Hg(II). The Cd film coated electrodes may significantly enhance the detection sensitivity of Hg(II). This study indicates that the functional 2D-MXene materials could be dedicated as a promising platform for fast and convenient monitoring toward trace amounts of heavy metal ions in environmental applications.
Introduction.Energy conservation and environment protection have already attracted the extensive attention over recent years. The novel energy storage system should be able to meet the characteristic of safe, non pollution and low cost [1–4]. Therefore, the aqueous rechargeable battery as a promising candidate in the next-generation batteries has already explored, which utilizes the abundant water as electrolytes instead of the flammable and explosive, environment polluted organic electrolytes. This system [5–10] is able to solve the problem of fossil fuel expense and reduce the cost of raw material, which is expected to realize the large-scale production and application. In these years, several types of aqueous batteries system have been studied. The aqueous lithium ion battery, depending on the high energy density of lithium, firstly comes out such as AC/LiMn2O4 , VO2/LiMn2O4  and LiTi2(PO4)3/LiMn0.05Ni0.05Fe0.9PO4 . This system has already been researched and tried to achieve commercialization and application in the electric fields [14–16]. However, the limited and expensive lithium resource can not meet the demand in the future. Subsequently, the aqueous sodium ion battery [17–21] due to the low cost arouses the concerns. Nevertheless, the large radius of sodium ion is the main reason that causes the poor cycle performance of aqueous sodium ion battery.
Introduction.The aqueous magnesium ion battery, due to the smaller radius of magnesium ion than sodium ion, is promising to achieve the new breakthrough instead of traditional battery system . However, there is too limited for exploring this energy storage system. The suitable cathode and anode materials for aqueous magnesium ion batteries are even fewer. Congli Yuan  successfully synthesized the λ-MnO2 by a simple sulfuric acid leaching method and used it as cathode for aqueous magnesium-ion batteries. The λ-MnO2 cathode exhibited a good electrochemical performance. The discharge capacity reached 545.6mAhg−1 at the current density of 13.6mAg−1 in 0.5molL−1 MgCl2. Ying Zhang  prepared the P2-Mg1/3Ni1/3Mn2/3O2 as cathode for aqueous magnesium-ion batteries. A initial discharge capacity of P2-Mg1/3Ni1/3Mn2/3O2 electrodes at 1.0C in 1.0molL−1 MgSO4, Mg(NO3)2, and MgCl2 electrolytes are 101.4, 99.7, 117.0mAhg−1. Aurbach  and Nazar  also performed lots of excellent works about magnesium ion battery. However, it is too difficult to find the suitable anode materials for aqueous magnesium-ion batteries. The structure of anode material is very facile to collapse when the large amount of Mg2+ ions insert into the lattice of anode materials.
Introduction.In this work, we prepared the FeVO4·0.9H2O  by a simple hydrothermal method and further modified by graphene to obtain the FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene composite, which are all used as anode electrodes for aqueous rechargeable magnesium-ion batteries. The FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene electrode, which can exist stably in aqueous solution and own the lower potential of deinsertion-insertion for magnesium ion, displays more excellently rate ability and cycle performance in magnesium salt electrolytes. More importantly, the aqueous magnesium rechargeable magnesium ion full battery is successfully assembled, which based on octahedral molecular sieves (Mg-OMS-1)  that we researched before as cathodic material, 1.0molL−1 MgSO4 as electrolyte and FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene as anode material. This device of Mg-OMS-1//FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene full battery can achieve the energy density of 58.5 Wh kg−1 and the capacity retention rate of 97.2% after 100 cycles.
Preparation and characterization of FeVO.The FeVO4·0.9H2O material is synthesized by one-step hydrothermal method described previously . In a typical process, the A solution is comprised of 1mmol Fe(NO3)3·9H2O dissolved in 15mL deionized water, the B solution is comprised of 1mmol NH4VO3 dissolved in 15mL deionized water at 70°C. Then, the B solution is dropwise added in the A solution under magnetic stirring. Finally, the above mixed solution is transferred into a Teflon-lined autoclave at 160°C for 5h. The obtained solids (FeVO4·0.9H2O) are washed by deionized water and dried in an oven at 60°C. The FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene material is synthesized by adding the graphene solution of 10mg graphene and 10mL deionized water, which is under ultrasonic treatment for 2h before using. Then the graphene solution is added into the above mixed solution for stirring another 2h and together transferred into a Teflon-lined autoclave, of which the other process is not changed.
Preparation and characterization of FeVO.The content of crystal water for the prepared sample is confirmed by thermogravimetry–differential thermal analysis with the model of TG–DSC, Netzsch STA 449C. And the X-ray diffractometer (XRD, Rigaku TTR III) with Cu Ka radiation (λ=0.1514178nm) is used to identify the structure and phrase. The morphology and size of samples are measured by the scanning electron microscopy (SEM) with a JEOL JSM-6480 microscope and the transmission electron microscopy (TEM) and high-resolution TEM (HRTEM) with a FEI Teccai G2 S-Twin microscope. The oxidation/reduction states of Fe and V are explored by X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) with Al Ka radiation and the model of ThermoESCALAB 250.
Electrochemical measurement of FeVO.The prepared anode slurry is comprised of 10% polyvinylidene difluoride (PVDF) binder, 10% acetylene black and 80% FeVO4·0.9H2O, which together dispersed in 1-methyl-2-pyrrolidone (NMP). The carbon fiber cloth with size of 1.0cm*1.0cm is used to coat the above slurry. The mass loading of active material is about 6mgcm−2 and the prepared electrodes are dried under vacuum condition at 80°C for 24h. The LAND Battery Testing system with the model CT2001A is utilized to finish the galvanostatic charge and discharge tests. The Potentio electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) and cyclic voltammetry (CV) are measured by electrochemical workstation with the model VMP3/Z. The electrochemical performance of FeVO4·0.9H2O electrode is tested by using a conventional standard three-electrode electrochemical cell which are a working electrode (FeVO4·0.9H2O), a reference electrode (saturated calomel electrode, SCE) and a counter electrode (graphite rod). The MgSO4 electrolyte is prepared by Milli-Q water and magnesium salt reagents with analytical grade. The commercial graphene is fabricated by Morsh incorporated company and carbon fiber cloths is manufactured by Hesen Electric incorporated company.
Electrochemical tests of the Mg-OMS-1//FeVO.The aqueous rechargeable magnesium-ion full battery is composed by Mg-OMS-1  which has already been reported in our group and FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene. It is also prepared by mixing the slurry of 10% polyvinylidene difluoride (PVDF) binder, 10% acetylene black and 80% Mg-OMS-1 or FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene dispersed in 1-methyl-2-pyrrolidone (NMP), which was also coated onto carbon fiber cloths. This aqueous full battery is fabricated by holding FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene as anode, a filter paper manufactured by Special Paper incorporated company as the traditional battery membrane and Mg-OMS-1 as cathode. The system looks like the sandwich, which uses the two designed titanium frames on each side together. The two electrodes sandwich is firstly bubbled by nitrogen for 2hours to exclude oxygen and immersed in 1.0molL−1 MgSO4 electrolyte for testing.
The synthesis mechanism of FeVO.The formation reaction mechanism of FeVO4·0.9H2O and FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene is briefly explained. Firstly, NH4VO3 should be dissolved in hot water and the color of this solution becomes faint yellow, which indicates that the VO3 released from NH4VO3 and transformed into the soluble specie VO4 3−. Then, the Fe3+ can combine with VO4 3−, which obtains the FeVO4·0.9H2O after the process of hydrothermal formation. So the chemical reaction Eq. (1) is as follows: (1) Fe(NO3)3 +NH4VO3 +1.9H2O→FeVO4·0.9H2O+NH4NO3 +2HNO3
The synthesis mechanism of FeVO.For the synthesis of FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene, the main key is the graphene combined with PVP, which is made from Morsh incorporated company. Therefore, in the process of mixing and stirring, the Fe3+ ions are anchored on this graphene sheets, which provides the possibility of composite between FeVO4·0.9H2O and graphene.
Characterization of the FeVO.According to the above synthesis mechanism of this compound, the TG is used to confirm the content of crystal water. In Fig. 1 a, the TG curve shows that the weight losses are 8.9%. So the molecular formula of this compound is FeVO4·0.9H2O, which is also closed to the article reported by P. Poizot . The XRD patterns of Graphene, FeVO4·0.9H2O and FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene are shown in Fig. 1b. The crystal structures of Graphene and FeVO4·0.9H2O are consistent with the literature reported . The structure of FeVO4·0.9H2O belongs to the monoclinic system with a =10.697Å, b =3.477Å and c =8.906Å. And these parameters match well with the nature fervanite . In Fig. 1b, the XRD peak of graphene is also observed at 2θ =∼26°, which demonstrates existence of Graphene. The FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene is synthesized to further improve the electrochemical performance by compositing with graphene material, which owns highly electrical conductivity and large specific surface area. Therefore, the FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene composite is promising to exhibit the excellent electrochemical property in aqueous magnesium-ion batteries.
Characterization of the FeVO.The morphology and structure of FeVO4·0.9H2O and FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene are further characterized by the scanning electron microscopy (SEM), transmission electron microscopy (TEM) and high-resolution TEM (HRTEM), as shown in Fig. 2 . It is clearly seen that the FeVO4·0.9H2O shows a nanoneedle structure in Fig. 2a–b, which is uniformly distributed. Combining with the TEM image of FeVO4·0.9H2O in Fig. 2c, it is found that the size of nanoneedle FeVO4·0.9H2O is usually 50–90nm in diameter and 0.5–2.5μm in length. In Fig. 2d–e, it is effortless to discover that the FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene also keeps the nanoneedle structure and the graphene sheets are also clearly showed in Fig. 2e. The difference is the nanoneedle FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene with small particles. Due to the XRD pattern of FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene without other impure phases, the small particles are also the FeVO4·0.9H2O. This may result from the graphene’s effect on the formation process of FeVO4·0.9H2O, which is that a part of Fe3+ sources adsorb on the surface of graphene and transform to be FeVO4·0.9H2O as the formation of small particles morphology. Meanwhile, it is also obvious that the FeVO4·0.9H2O is grown on the surface of graphene sheets in Fig. 2e, which demonstrates that the FeVO4·0.9H2O and graphene successfully achieve to composite. Fig. 2f exhibits the HRTEM image of FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene, which can be seen that the d spacing of lattice fringes is 0.75nm. This result is in good line with (110) plane of FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene from the peak at 2θ =11.6° in Fig. 1b. The larger lattice fringes provide the theoretical basis for Mg2+ ions insertion into the host material. Therefore, it is reasonable to believe that the FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene, based on keeping this nanoneedle structure and owning the properties of graphene, is expected to be an excellent anodic material in aqueous magnesium ion battery.
Electrochemical performance of FeVO.To further examine the electrochemical performance of FeVO4·0.9H2O and FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene, the galvanostatic charge-discharge measurements are performed in the voltage window of −0.1V∼0V. Fig. 3 a–b shows the charge-discharge curves of two electrodes in 1.0molL−1 MgSO4 at the current densities of 50, 100, 200, 500 and after 50mAhg−1. It is obviously discovered that the rate performance of FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene electrode in Fig. 3b is much better than that of FeVO4·0.9H2O in Fig. 3a. For example, the initial discharge capacity of FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene electrode at the current density of 50mAhg−1 in MgSO4 electrolyte is 183.8mAhg−1, but that of the FeVO4·0.9H2O electrode in this electrolyte reaches 150.3mAhg−1, respectively. When at the current density of 500mAhg−1, the discharge capacity of FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene electrode can achieve 86.6mAhg−1 and that of FeVO4·0.9H2O is only 65.7mAhg−1. Even the current density returns to 50mAg−1, the discharge capacity of FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene electrode can reach 156.1mAhg−1, which is closed to the initial discharge capacity. Meanwhile, Fig. 3c shows the cycle performance of FeVO4·0.9H2O and FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene electrodes in 1.0molL−1 MgSO4 electrolyte at a current density of 100mAg−1 in the potential range from −1.0V to 0V. It is also distinct that the FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene electrode exhibits the better electrochemical property than that of FeVO4·0.9H2O electrode in Fig. 3c, which is due to the graphene with the highly electrical conductivity. For example, the FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene electrode shows the initial discharge capacity of 118.2mAhg−1 and the capacity retention is 82.5%. However, the initial discharge capacity of FeVO4·0.9H2O is 98.5mAhg−1 and the capacity retention is 75.1%.
Electrochemical performance of FeVO.In order to further explore the effect of electrochemical performance between the FeVO4·0.9H2O and FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene electrodes, the EIS experiments are used to explain the reason by calculating the diffusion coefficient, which is an important index in a battery system. Fig. 4 a shows the impedance spectrum of FeVO4·0.9H2O and FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene electrodes. It is clearly seen that at the high frequency regions, a partial semicircle symbolizes the charge-transfer resistance (R ct) and an intercept symbolizes the internal resistance (R s). At the low frequency regions, the linear part of this curve symbolizes the diffusion-controlled Warburg impedance. Therefore, the model circuit (insert of Fig. 4a) is fitted by ZView software and the relevant parameters are listed in Table 1 . Fig. 4b shows the slope of the plots of ZRe against ω−1/2, which depends on the linear part at the low-frequency region. Therefore, the magnesium ion diffusion coefficient (D Mg 2+) can be obtained by the Eqs. (2) and (3), as followed: (2) D Mg 2 + = R 2 T 2 2 A 2 n 4 F 4 C 2 σ 2 (3) Z Re = R s + R ct + σ ω - 1 2 Where F, R, T, A, n, σ, C are the Faraday constant, gas constant, room temperature, the surface area of the electrode, the number of electrons transferred (n =1), the slope of the plots of ZRe against ω−1/2 and the concentration of magnesium ion, respectively. Among these parameters, the σ is obtained by Eq. (3).
Electrochemical performance of FeVO.In Table 1, it is clearly observed that the internal resistances R s value of two electrodes are little difference. The charge-transfer resistance R ct value of FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene is much smaller than that of FeVO4·0.9H2O electrode, which is because that the FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene composite, owning a larger specific surface area and higher electrical conductivity due to the properties from graphene, is more beneficial for the charge transfer. The magnesium ion diffusion coefficient (D Mg 2+) value of FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene electrode is larger than that of FeVO4·0.9H2O, which indicates a faster diffusion rate to the surface of electrode. Therefore, the R ct and D Mg 2+ are the strong evidences to show the FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene electrode owns more excellent electrochemical performance.
Exploring the mechanism of Mg.For exploring the mechanism of Mg2+ insertion/deinsertion into/from the host material, the samples including the fresh, discharge and charge after first cycle, discharge after 30th cycle are checked by X-ray diffractometer (Fig. 5 a). It is obvious that not only the first discharged sample but also the 30th discharged sample maintains the original structure of FeVO4·0.9H2O, which indicates both of them own the stable structure. Meanwhile, in Fig. 5b, the main peak of discharged electrode of first cycle at 2θ =∼30.5° also shifts to the lower angles versus that of the fresh electrode, which manifests that lots of magnesium ion insert into the lattice of host material after the reduced process. Therefore, it is identified that the original phase of FeVO4·0.9H2O with the stable structure can be allowed for magnesium ions to insert/deinsert into the host material in the aqueous battery system.
Exploring the mechanism of Mg.In order to effectively check the changes in the reduction state of iron and vanadium elements, the XPS measurement is used to explore if the Mg2+ ions insert into the lattice of host materials or not after the reduced process. Fig. 6 a shows the survey spectra of fresh and reduced FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene electrodes. The F 1s peak of PVDF and C 1s peak of acetylene black are found in Fig. 6a. It is also clearly observed that Mg 1s, Mg 2s and Mg 2p are discovered in the reduced electrode and the Mg 1s peak is located at 1303eV for reduced electrode appears in Fig. 6b, which together demonstrates that a large amount of Mg2+ ions insert into lattice of FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene electrode after the discharging process. In Fig. 6c, the two peaks at 725.36eV and 711.4eV are observed for Fe 2p XPS spectra of fresh electrode, which associates to the existence of Fe3+ [33–35]. After discharging process, the two main peaks with binding energy of 726.0eV and 713.1eV are observed in Fig. 6d and the 33.8% Fe2+ and 66.2% Fe3+ are obtained by fitting the reduced electrode. In the V 2p XPS spectra of fresh electrode (Fig. 6e), the two peaks of 524.4eV and 516.6eV corresponding to the V5+ are observed [36–38]. After discharging process, the two main peaks with binding energy of 525.3eV and 517.6eV are observed in Fig. 6f and the 15.6% V4+ and 84.4% V5+ are obtained by fitting the reduced electrode. These results indicate that the Fe3+ and V5+ transform to Fe2+ and V4+ respectively after discharging process, which accompanied with the magnesium ions insertion.
Electrochemical performance of the Mg-OMS-1//FeVO.In order to check the possibility of aqueous magnesium ion battery, the full battery is assembled by the FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene as anode material and Mg-OMS-1  as cathode material in 1.0molL−1 MgSO4 electrolyte. In Fig. 7 a, the specific capacity of Mg-OMS-1 and FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene at 100mAg−1 charge/discharge current is 117.9mAhg−1 and 132.6mAhg−1, respectively. Therefore, the optimal weight ratio of Mg-OMS-1 to FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene is∼1:1 according to the above two capacities, which can obtain the maximum matching degree, as shown in Fig. 7a. The discharge capacity of Mg-OMS-1//FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene battery is 53.1mAhg−1 at a current density of 100mAg−1, which calculated by including the total mass of Mg-OMS-1 and FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene electrodes. Fig. 7b displays the rate performance of this full battery, at the current densities of 50, 100, 200, 300, 500mAg−1, the discharge capacities of 65.1, 53.1, 42.3, 32 and 24.4mAhg−1 are obtained. Fig. 7c shows the cycle performance of the battery. It is obvious that the discharge capacity is 52.8mAhg−1 and the capacity retention rate is 97.2% after 100 cycles. Moreover, the coulombic efficiency of this aqueous magnesium ion battery is close to 100%, demonstrating a good electrochemical reversibility. For further check the aqueous magnesium ion battery system, the energy density and power density of this full battery are calculated by the followed Eqs. (4), (5): (4) E =1/2× C × V 2 (5) P = E/t Where C, V, t are the discharge capacity, working plateau voltage or average voltage and discharge time. Fig. 7d reveals the relationship between the energy density and power density for this Mg-OMS-1//FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene battery. This system can reach a energy density of 58.5Whkg−1, which is higher than that of some reported aqueous system, such as 35.0Whkg−1 of LiMn2O4//AC , 43.1 Wh kg−1 of LiCo1/3Ni1/3Mn1/3O2//AC  and 30.0Whkg−1 of NaMnO2//NaTi2(PO4)3 . Meanwhile, the relevant conditions of these aqueous system are exhibited in Table 2 . Consequently, this aqueous battery based on Mg-OMS-1 as cathode and FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene as anode is successfully achieved, which makes the aqueous magnesium ion battery possible and provides a new window for aqueous battery system.
Conclusions.In this study, we prepared the FeVO4·0.9H2O material as an available anode in aqueous magnesium ion battery and modified by compositing with graphene, which achieved that the nanoneedle FeVO4·0.9H2O was successfully grown on the surface of graphene. Comparing with the FeVO4·0.9H2O, the FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene composite exhibited the better electrochemical performance, for example, the initial discharge capacity of FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene electrode at the current density of 50mAg−1 is 183.8mAhg−1, but that of the FeVO4·0.9H2O electrode reaches 150.3mAhg−1. More than that, the aqueous magnesium ion full battery is assembled, which based on Mg-OMS-1 as cathode and FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene as anode. This full battery shows the energy density of 58.5Whkg−1, which is higher than some other aqueous system. For cycle performance of the full battery, the discharge capacity is 52.8mAhg−1 and the capacity retention rate is 97.2% after 100 cycles. The novel aqueous magnesium ion battery based on Mg-OMS-1 as cathode and FeVO4·0.9H2O/Graphene as anode is successfully achieved, which provides a new thought for energy storage system.
Introduction.During recent decades, there has been much interest in the field of preparing materials with reduced dimensions and dimensionality such as thin films (2D), nanotubes or nanowires (1D) and metallic clusters (0D) [1–3]. These materials are interesting due to trends in device miniaturization and the exceptional properties which they present in comparison to those of bulk materials (3D structures) [1–3]. One type of 2D material are thin films made of polyelectrolytes. The sequential adsorption of oppositely charged polymers in a “layer-by-layer” process was introduced by Decher and co-workers . For twenty years, polyelectrolyte multilayers (PEMs) have found use in many applications including as sensors, gas separation membranes  and enzyme active thin films  or in tissue engineering applications , as well as for antibacterial purposes [13–15]. The use of PEMs in medical applications such as for the immunoisolation of cells (especially for artificial pancreases), allowing minimization of capsule volume in comparison to conventional microcapsules, remains challenging but is eagerly awaited. The encapsulation of cell material and the preparation of capsules for drug delivery applications has been intensively studied [16–20]. To be effective, such a thin membrane should not block the permeation of small and simple molecules and ions which are required for cell operation, but should be impenetrable to the antibodies of a host organism. The ability to control permeability is also one of the key factors in targeted drug delivery systems [16–23]. Detailed knowledge about the structure and properties of these ultra-thin objects is highly desirable to make further progress in this field. It should be kept in mind that the preparation of PEM systems depends on many factors, which leads to a high variability in their properties. For example, film thickness is one of the key properties that defines polyelectrolyte membrane obtained in the LbL deposition process, but the value of this parameter can vary depending on the molecular weight of the chosen polyelectrolytes, the solution composition and the solution ionic strength [24–30]. The relationship between thickness and the electrochemically induced permeability has been already considered [31–35] as its increase enhances the measurable effects related to the presence of PEM properties. In this work we discuss the differences of redox behavior for two ions on PEM modified membranes made from various combinations of poly-L-lysine (PLL), polyethyleneimine (PEI), poly(sodium 4-styrenesulfonate) (PSS) and alginate (ALG) polyelectrolytes (Fig. 1 ).
Introduction.The possibility of the use of each listed polyelectrolyte can already be found in medical applications despite their different origins; ALG is naturally occurring polymers, while PLL, PSS and PEI are synthetic ones . Even the known cytotoxicity of PEI  is not a factor preventing its use, as it offers other specific features such as DNA and RNA complexation abilities  or good anchoring properties . The above polyelectrolytes were chosen in order to combine the high biocompatibility of PLL, PSS and ALG, and the strong binding properties of PEI . The properties of PEM films are often studied on solid state substrates. Examples of the deposition of various multilayers on solid surfaces can be found in the literature on titanium [40–43], stainless steel , silicon  and mica . Two kinds of substrates were used for the studies of the PEM films in this work. One is mica, a material which provides reproducible and atomically flat surfaces, which makes this material an excellent substrate for AFM measurements . Therefore, the measured topography is free from artifacts resulting from the substrate morphology. The second one is a platinum electrode; an electrochemically well-defined material . Atomic force microscopy (AFM) was used to investigate the morphologies and determine the thicknesses of the obtained films by the scratching method , while the electrochemical behavior of the PEM films in the presence of chosen redox pairs was monitored to determine the respective membrane permeabilities. The relationship between the thickness and the electrochemical response of the chosen PEM systems is discussed in this paper.
Materials.Poly-L-lysine (molwt15–30kDa) hydrochloride (Sigma, USA), polyethylenimine, branched (mol wt. 750kDa) (Aldrich, USA), poly (sodium 4-styrenesulfonate) (mol wt. 70kDa) (Aldrich, USA) and alginic acid sodium salt (Sigma-Aldrich, USA). Analytical grade sodium chloride (POCH, Poland) was used for solution preparation. The final concentration for polyelectrolytes was 1mg/ml and the concentration of sodium chloride was 0.15M. Mica discs of 15mm diameter (SPI Supplies, USA) were cleaned before use by removing the top layers with an adhesive tape. A polycrystalline platinum disc (99.99%) (Mennica Polska, Poland) was used as a substrate for PEM deposition for electrochemical permeability experiments. For electrochemical measurements, solutions of [Fe(CN)6]3−/4− (abbrev. FeCN) and [Ru(NH3)6]3+ (abbrev. HexRu) ions at a concentration of 1mM in 0.15M NaCl solutions were freshly prepared.
Substrate preparation.Mica discs were cleaned with the use of an adhesive tape before use to obtain a clean surface. The quality of the mica surface was monitored by AFM. The platinum electrodes were polished with polycrystalline diamond polishing suspensions (LECO, USA) of a grain size down to 0.05μm, and they were cleaned with Millipore-Q quality water in an ultrasonic bath after each step of abrasive polishing. The quality of the electrode in terms of its flatness was monitored by AFM. The substrate roughness (Root mean square, RMS) was determined as 3.4nm and 0.15nm for platinum and mica surfaces, respectively. Both surfaces are presented in Fig. 2 .
Substrate preparation.The electrochemical properties of platinum were measured by potential scanning in 0.5M H2SO4 solution. Between experiments, the electrode was cleaned by immersing it in piranha solution, a mixture of concentrated sulfuric acid (H2SO4) and hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) (30% solution of a 3:1v/v mixture), and then strongly rinsed with Millipore-Q quality water.
Sample preparation.Polyelectrolyte multilayers were deposited by sequential dipping of the substrate material in a respective polyelectrolyte solution for 10minutes, followed by a 2minute rinsing stage in a 0.15M NaCl solution. After the deposition of the desired number of layers, the sample was rinsed with Millipore-Q quality water and left to dry in air.
Microscopy.A Multimode 8 Nanoscope atomic force microscope (AFM, Bruker, U.S.A.) was used to image the surfaces of the clean substrates and the organic films deposited thereon. Silicon cantilevers with a spring constant of ca. 5Nm−1, (NT-MDT, Russia) or FMV-A cantilevers (Bruker) with a spring constant of ca. 2.8Nm−1 were applied for imaging in PeakForce Tapping™ Force Microscopy Mode and Contact Mode AFM (CM-AFM). Part of the measurements were recorded in PeakForce Tapping™ QNM™ (Quantitative Nanomechanical Mapping) mode.
Microscopy.Calibration of the microscope was achieved by the imaging of calibration gratings supplied by the manufacturer. The images presented in this work are height type images. The examination of surfaces for artifacts by AFM, and the reproducibility, was performed in the common way, i.e. by changing the AFM cantilever and moving the sample in the X or Y direction, or by varying the scanning angle and scan rate. In order to determine the influence of an organic layer on the surface morphology, a bare Pt electrode and a bare mica sheet were measured prior to the polymer deposition.
Microscopy.The determination of film thickness was performed by the scratching procedure . The choice of medium stiffness cantilevers enabled the AFM to scratch the deposited PEM layer in the chosen area in Contact Mode, and monitor the differences in morphology using the PeakForce Tapping™ technique. The thickness measurements were carried out on mica and platinum substrates by the scratching method in many locations on different samples. In the case of the in situ measurements the 2-3 places were examined for each film, while under ex situ condition it was varied from 4 to 9 for each film. Final values of thickness were obtained by using a depth analysis tool, which gives pixel distribution as a function of registered height. The distance between two dominant pixel distributions represents the difference in position of an organic film and a bare substrate surface.In situ AFM measurements were performed with the use of a dedicated electrochemical cell. A platinum wire was used as a counter electrode, and a silver/silver chloride electrode (Ag/AgCl) as a reference.
Electrochemistry.A three-electrode electrochemical cell was used for electrochemical measurements. A counter electrode was made of Pt gauze. Electrode potential was measured against a silver/silver chloride electrode (Ag/AgCl). The current–potential (I–E) behavior was monitored with a programmed potentiostat PGSTAT128N (Metrohm Autolab, Netherlands).
Results and Discussion.An example of an experiment to determine the film thickness of a sample of three PEI/PSS bilayers in air is shown in Fig. 3 .
Results and Discussion.The collected data for all samples are summarized in Fig. 4 and contain average thickness and error values for films with thicknesses from one to five bilayers.
Results and Discussion.Two observations can be made. One is it that three combinations of bilayers — PLL/PSS, PLL/ALG and PEI/PSS — show similar values/trends in their changes in thickness, while the PEI/ALG system shows significantly higher values for more than one bilayer. Such behavior can probably be attributed to a combination of the geometric relations between the polymeric molecules. PLL and PSS are linear polymers, and additionally their monomeric structures have similar sizes (ca. 0.6×1.1nm)  A combination of these two polyelectrolytes gives films with linearly increasing thicknesses on both surfaces. The monomer unit of PEI is only ca. 0.4×0.56nm in size. However, this is a branched and high molecular mass polymer, and so it can be expected that it will form less uniform films. But the combination of PEI with PSS leads to the formation of films with thicknesses varying in a regular, linear way, again regardless of the surface. The ALG polyelectrolyte is a linear copolymer with homopolymeric blocks of (1-4)-linked β-D-mannuronate (M) and α-L-guluronate (G) rings (of size 0.55×0.99nm) . As the bonding between respective blocks influences the structure/conformation of a polymer chain, the different combination of M and G blocks makes the structure more chaotic than the other linear polyelectrolytes . Meanwhile for PLL/ALG deposits, linear PLL seems to be determinate of the film structure. The last combination, PEI/ALG, created by two polymers with irregular structures, shows a tendency to form expanded structure films; such behavior was observed on both surfaces. The determined roughness (RMS) for PLL/PSS, PEI/PSS and PLL/ALG going from one bilayer to five bilayers was proportionally increased from 2nm to 18nm., while for PEI/ALG system it was changed from 2nm to 70nm. These comparison confirms that irregular polymer structure is at least one of the reason of increase of the thickness of the given film. The second observation concerns the film thicknesses on the different substrates. A divergence observed between films formed on the mica and platinum electrode is the result of substrate roughness. It is suggested that surface defects (scratches, edges, vacancies) introduce inhomogeneity in the distribution of surface charge. In this situation, large coils of polyelectrolyte could be deposited predominantly in such active spaces, therefore not effectively rearranging into a layer by virtue of normal surface diffusion processes before the next deposition step is performed .
Results and Discussion.The thicknesses of two chosen PEI/PSS and PEI/ALG systems deposited on platinum were determined under in situ conditions. This was to allow the comparison of the behavior of two systems of different thicknesses, but having the same components. Using a glass probe holder, the sample was first monitored in air. In the next step, 0.15M NaCl solution was introduced to the cell and finally the solution was exchanged to FeCN.
Results and Discussion.Table 1 contains a comparison of the average thickness of each film in dry and wet conditions. Data for PEI/PSS films with one and two bilayers are omitted due to the high errors in measurement. It is expected that due to membrane hydration the thickness of a film will increase , and such an effect is observed for both films. The membrane thickness increases even up to 2 fold in NaCl solution for PEI/ALG films. Such a result can be attributed to the fact that sodium alginate possesses considerable water absorbing and water retaining properties . The exchange of the solution to a 1mM concentration of [Fe(CN)6]3−/4− ions reduces the thickness of the films. [Fe(CN)6]3−/4− ions promote compression of the film in both cases, however the compression is bigger in the PEI/ALG system, where a 45% change in the average thickness is observed. For PEI/PSS films, the observed change is about 25%. Such a change is an effect of the ions penetrating into the structure of the multilayered films. As [Fe(CN)6]3−/4− ions replace the chloride ions, they equalize the overall charge and provide film electroneutrality . As it is a multiply charged ion, a proportionally fewer number of ions diffuse into the film causing its compression. The outflowing chloride ions, which are smaller in comparison to ferrocyanide ions (the hydrodynamic radius of Cl− ions is 0.13nm ), involve some interaction with water molecules too, which is why the total change of volume is bigger for chlorides. In the case of a system containing alginate, the degree of contraction is higher. The reason for such behavior will be discussed further in the context of electrochemical data.
Results and Discussion.The electrochemical behavior of (PEI/ALG)4 was observed by using in situ AFM to verify the morphological changes as a result of the oxidation–reduction reaction in FeCN solution. As the I–E dependencies are stable over long periods of time, degradation is not expected. In general, the morphology of the sample did not change significantly under the influence of [Fe(CN)6]3−/4− ions (Fig. 5 A and B). The most significant observed change was a slight increase of roughness. The root mean square (RMS) factor increased from 53.1nm up to 73.6nm. The regular stripes observed on the surface in Fig. 5 B and C are related to electrode polarization changes carried out simultaneously to the microscope scanning.
Results and Discussion.(Fig. 5 D, violet line) shows the cross section of (PEI/ALG)4 film before adding the [Fe(CN)6]3−/4 ions and with no potential control. The same film was observed after [Fe(CN)6]3−/4 ions addition and applying electrochemical potential changes. In Fig. 5 D (black line) the changes in the thickness of film due to potential variations which are over imposed on the (PEI/ALG)4 film contour (violet line). It shows that the film undergoes regular cyclic swelling when ferrocyanide oxidize to ferricyanide and shrinking for the reverse process. Magnitude of these changes across the studied sample is in the range of 10–15nm. Such an observation is compatible with the observations of the PEI–(PGA/PAH)10 multilayer, and is associated with the presence of ferricyanide/ferrocyanide within the polyelectrolyte film structure .
Results and Discussion.The oxidation–reduction process influences the changes in the mechanical properties of the film. The monitored value of the adhesion force changes between the surface and the AFM probe is shown in Figs. 5 C. Also a profile line (red line) on Fig. 5 D is shown to compare the changes with potential (green line). The adhesion of a film increases upon reduction and decreases after oxidation. It is assumed that after reduction the [Fe(CN)6]4− ions interact with another fraction of the ammonium groups of PEI. In effect the attraction between PEI and ALG is weakened. In this way the outermost ALG layer gains some possibility to interact more strongly with the microscopic probe. There is one final feature which should be noticed: all changes are fast and follow the potential change, which was 50mVs−1, with no significant delay. The registered I–E dependence (Fig. 5 E) during AFM scanning of the samples was steady state type and characteristic of the used redox pair.
Results and Discussion.Cyclic voltammetry measurements were performed to investigate the film permeability and correlate it with the thickness. We chose the [Fe(CN)6]3−/4− and [Ru(NH3)6]3+/2+ redox pairs. The hydrodynamic radius of both ions are similar to each other at 0.3–0.4nm [56–58] and also to small organic molecules like glucose (0.39nm ), which is important from our point of view. The I–E dependencies for the platinum bare electrode and the electrode modified with various PEM systems are shown in Fig. 6 . For A (PLL/PSS) x and B (PEI/PSS) x modification, the registered current values are similar. The current decreases with the number of bilayers and characteristic reduction–oxidation peaks disappear for a number of bilayers larger than 3.
Results and Discussion.Such a change might have its origin in the structural differences of the PEMs. The (PEI/PSS) x multilayer system was studied by neutron reflectometry . Two distinctive regions of the multilayered structures with greater than 5 layers were determined: i. the bottom strata (first four layers) and ii. the top strata (including all layers above the 5th). For the films measured in dry air, the bottom strata was found to consist of loosely packed polymers while the top strata consisted of densely packed polymer. The results shown in this work indicate that even after film hydration we can distinguish the density difference between the bottom and the top strata. Our electrochemical measurements seem to be another proof of such PEM structures. Films with up to 1–2 bilayers show electrochemical permeability. Well-shaped double peak systems are observed, however, with a current decrease in the range of up to 60% in comparison to the unmodified electrode. For films thicker than 3 bilayers, the peak shape features of the current–potential dependencies are no longer distinguishable. Such behavior of thick PEM films can be explained by suppressing the mobility of ions . It was suggested that it is an effect of the decreasing porosity of the obtained films with their increasing thickness. But the film thickness is not the only one factor affecting the electrochemical behavior of PEM modified electrodes; the interactions between components with the electrochemical probe cannot be neglected [31,32,53]. The cited works describe the interaction of the [Fe(CN)6]3−/4− ions with the ammonium groups of the used polycations. The overcoming charge from those groups makes the whole film positive. Such an electrostatic dominance of one of the polyelectrolytes over the second one may be defined as the net charge. The competitive interaction between ions used as an electrochemical probe, and the polyanions in relation to the polycations may explain discussed system, too. The (PLL/ALG) x membrane (Fig. 6 C) seems to be fully permeable with respect to [Fe(CN)6]3−/4 ions, regardless of the number of bilayers. For the (PEI/ALG) x system (Fig. 6 D), the I–E response is yet another factor. The current values increase with every increase in the number of bilayers. In this case such an effect is associated with the smooth diffusion of [Fe(CN)6]3−/4− ions into the (PEI/ALG) x structure and their confinement within the membrane structure [31,32,47,53]. The issue of film contraction under the influence of FeCN solution is confirmed again by these results. The increased trapping of multicharged ions leads to the extended migration of chloride ions and water molecules out of the film.
Results and Discussion.The described systems end up with a negatively charged layer. The question is if the electrostatic repulsion between the [Fe(CN)6]3−/4− ions and the outermost layer can be a reason for current suppression in the (PLL/PSS) x and (PEI/PSS) x systems, due to its stronger negative charge in comparison to the ALG terminated films. Rejection of ions by repulsive electrostatic forces in such multi-bipolar films, also known as Donnan exclusion, is known and is used in the selective separation of ions . To test if the above effects occur, experiments with an outermost polycationic layer ((A/B)5A-type film, where A and B are polycation and polyanion, respectively) were performed (Fig. 7 ). For PPS containing PEM films, a small increase of current in comparison to 5 bilayer films was observed, but both films still seemed to be not particularly permeable with respect to [Fe(CN)6]3−/4− ions. On the other hand, Noguchi and Anzai who studied similar combinations , showed that in the case of poly(allylamine hydrochloride)–poly(acrylic acid), current suppression was observed for (A/B) x -type films becoming penetrable by [Fe(CN)6]3−/4− ions when the outermost layer remained positive. In the case of carboxymethylcellulose or alginic polyanions, such films were permeable regardless of the charge of the outer layer . Films with PSS polyanion seem to suppress the transport of [Fe(CN)6]3−/4− ions regardless of the charge of the outer layer (Figs. 7 A and B). The above results suggest that the amount of negative charge from the polyanion within film structure overcome the charge of used polycations. The net negative charge repulse the ions even if the outermost layer is positive. For films containing ALG polyanions, such an effect was not observed. (A/B)5- and (A/B)5A-type films showed similar permeability when assessed at the peak current (Figs. 7 C and D). In case of PLL/ALG system is well balanced within the meaning of electrostatics. The penetration of the ions is not affected by the net charge. PEI/ALG system shows good accumulation properties. Although potential peak values were shifted by about 50mV to lower potential values, which may suggest binding of a fraction of the ions by this outermost layer.
Results and Discussion.I–E dependencies for (A/B) x -type films in solution containing 1mM [Ru(NH3)6]3+ are presented in Fig. 8 .
Results and Discussion.In all cases the films were permeable with respect to the HexRu cation. However, films containing PSS polymer seemed to evolve to two peak systems for the 5 bilayer films. One pair at around −0.2V comes from the interaction of HexRu contained in the solution. The second one appears with the increasing number of layers at around −0.3V. We assume this is a response from PEM-bonded [Ru(NH3)6]3+/2+ ions. Electrostatic interactions between this compound and the following formation of electroactive layers with another strong polyanions like polyacrylic acid, [62–64] and polyvinyl sulfate  was already observed. Following the concept of net excess charge in the discussed here systems, the accumulations [Ru(NH3)6]3+/2+ ions in the PSS containing films should be observed. However, we assume that the interaction between polymers and ruthenium probe may be underestimated. The rate of chitosan ionization is much smaller so we assume the net charge in our case is negative but not as much as in work . It is hard to compare results precisely as the films composition and the concentration of [Ru(NH3)6]3+/2+ is different. In contrast to [Fe(CN)6]3−/4−, in all cases we did not observe current values higher than for the bare electrode, which suggests that [Ru(NH3)6]3+/2+ ions do not accumulate within the formed PEM structures. The effect of the charge of the outermost layer was again investigated for (A/B)5- and (A/B)5A-type modified electrodes (Fig. 9 ).
Results and Discussion.In the case of films containing PSS (Fig. 9 A and B), the decrease of the current values can be observed, the reason for which appears to be electrostatic repulsion. The (PLL/ALG) x combination (Fig. 9 C) again looks to be irrelevant with respect to the electrostatic interaction with the electrochemical probe. (PEI/ALG) x films (Fig. 9 C) show similar behavior to the PSS combinations. The charge of the outermost layer inhibits the film permeability insignificantly. The (PLL/ALG) x combination was already recognized as an highly biocompatible way of surface modification of biological objects . The above results suggest the possibility of extending the field of application to encapsulate materials and the effectiveness of this solution appears to be the result of charge balancing between both polyelectrolyte.
Conclusions.A thickness analysis was performed for several respective PEM systems: (PLL/PSS) x , (PEI/PSS) x , (PLL/ALG) x and (PEI/ALG) x . The first three showed a linear increase in film thickness while the last one showed an exponential increase. The structural changes of (PEI/ALG) x were monitored, showing the influence of the solution composition and electrochemical state. The electrochemical behavior of all of the film combinations was examined. We have demonstrated that the redox behavior of [Fe(CN)6]3−/4− and [Ru(NH3)6]3+/2+ show different behaviors towards the studied films. With the increasing number of bilayers, films containing PSS polyanions show a blocking effect towards [Fe(CN)6]3−/4− ions. PEMs built up with ALG exhibit more complicated behavior. (PLL/ALG) x films of different thicknesses do not influence the transport of ions to the electrode, while the (PEI/ALG) x combination has ability to accumulate them within the film structure. In all combinations, changing the charge of the outermost layer (by leaving polycations as the outer layer) does not change the film’s interaction with this ion. A distinct response of [Ru(NH3)6]3+/2+ ions towards the same combinations was observed. All films show good permeability. The response towards the positive charge of the outermost layer (polycations as the outer layer) in the studied systems was a slight blocking effect, except in the case of (PLL/ALG) x which seemed to be insensitive to electrostatic ties. The different EC behavior for the studied films shows that there is not a linear correlation with film thickness. All of the discrepancies seem to be the result of competing forces in the [polycation–polyanion–electrochemical probe ion] system. The above results show that (PLL/ALG) x seems to be a well-balanced multilayer system which forms thin films with good permeability. Among the studied combinations it seems to be the best candidate for encapsulation within nano-thin multilayers of biological material.
Introduction.With the rapid developments in medical science and technology, enzymatic and non-enzymatic electrochemical biosensors have been developed to detect glucose (Glu) [1–3]. The electrochemical biosensors based on glucose oxidase (GOD) have been widely studied owing to its high sensitive, low detection limit and specificity. GOD plays an important role in determining Glu, since it can efficiently catalyze the Glu to produce gluconolactone and hydrogen peroxide and is highly specific for Glu . However, GOD is dependent on enzyme immobilization techniques and sensitive to the environmental conditions, such as pH, humidity and temperature . Therefore, the non-enzymatic electrochemical biosensors have been developed to avoid the above mentioned drawbacks of enzyme electrode . The non-enzymatic electrochemical biosensor, can realize the direct electrocatalytic oxidation of Glu at the electrode surface and is free from the environmental conditions . Moreover, non-enzymatic electrochemical Glu sensor has the advantages over enzymatic one in terms of the reduced cost, good thermal stability, robustness and satisfactory reproducibility .
Introduction.Recently, several kinds of nanostructured transition metal oxides (e.g., Co3O4 , NiO , Cu2O , MnO2 , CuCo2O4  and NiCo2O4 ) have been explored as a non-enzymatic electrode for direct electrocatalytic oxidation of Glu by virtue of their excellent electrocatalytic activity and low cost compared with noble metals. Although excellent performance in determining Glu at a wide range of concentrations has been obtained, the low intrinsic electrical conductivity (e.g., CO3O4 in ∼10−5 Sm−1 at room temperature ) limits their further application in electrochemical biosensor devices which require high sensitivity, reliability, fast response and excellent selectivity. Combination of nanostructured transition metal oxides with graphene (G) sheets has been demonstrated as an attractive strategy to significantly improve their Glu sensing performance , G can effectively enhance the direct electron transfer rate between targets and electrode owing to high specific surface area, high thermal and electrical conductivity . More recently, new studies [20–24] demonstrate that incorporation of a nanostructured transition metal oxide into the other kind of oxide forming a double-shelled nanocage, enableds the multiple redox reactions, which not only shortens ion transport pathways but also efficiently enhances the properties in specific capacitance, electrocatalytic activity and electron collection efficiency, compared with the single component one. The incorporation of double-shelled nanocages into G sheets, may combine their certain advantages in nanocomposite, forming a new generation of Glu sensor with excellent electrocatalytic behaviors.
Introduction.In this work, a sensor of G wrapped double-shelled nanocages (Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G) was prepared to detect Glu. The first step involved formation of Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs using zeolitic imidazolate framework-67/Ni-Co layered double hydroxides nanocages (ZIF-67/Ni-Co LDHs) at room temperature and followed by thermal annealing in air. And then, the double-shelled nanocages were packaged with G sheets by hydrothermal treatment to obtain the final Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G. The aim of this work was to achieve the combination of excellent electrocatalytic activity given by Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs and efficient electron transport pathways given by G sheets. The linear response, the selectivity and detection limit were measured to examine their properties in electrocatalytic performance toward determining Glu.
Reagent and materials.Co(NO3)2·6H2O, 2-methylimidazole (2-mIM) and Ni(NO3)2·6H2O were purchased from Aladdin Industrial Co. Ltd. (Shanghai, China). All other reagents were commercially available as analytical reagent grade without further purification. Human serum was obtained from hospital.
Preparation of Co.Graphene oxide (GO) was synthesized from direct oxidation of natural graphite power by a modified Hummers method. The detailed process could be found elsewhere. . ZIF-67 template was fabricated according to the following process: 498mg Co(NO3)2·6H2O and 656mg 2-methylimidazole (2-mIM) were dissolved respectively into 100ml methanol and then thoroughly mixed the two solution with an ultrasound bath for 10min. The mixed solution was let stand for 24h at room temperature. Only the purple precipitation was collected after the separation process in centrifugal. The purple precipitation was then washed with alcohol and dried at 60°C for 12h to obtain the ZIF-67 power. As-prepared 0.075g ZIF-67 power and 0.15g Ni(NO3)2·6H2O were dispersed in 200ml ethanol and then homogenized using ultrasonic apparatus for 0.5h to form ZIF-67/Ni-Co LDHs. Afterwards, the ZIF-67/Ni-Co LDHs particles were obtained after the centrifugation and drying process at 60°C for 12h. These ZIF-67/Ni-Co LDHs particles were calcined in air at 350°C for 2h with a ramp rate of 1°Cmin−1 to obtain the Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs.
Preparation of Co.Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G were obtained by mixing of GO solution and pre-prepared Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs. Firstly, 0.001g GO was dispersed in 200ml ethanol ultrasonicated for 1h, 0.1g Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs was dispersed in 200ml deionized water ultrasonicated for 1h, and then mixed the two solution. Their mixture was sealed at 120°C Teflon-line autoclave for 12h. Finally, the Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G was fabricated after the consecutive washing, centrifuging and drying process. The whole fabrication procedure is depicted in Scheme 1 .
Measurements and apparatus.The crystal structures of the Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G were identified by X-ray diffraction (XRD) analysis using a Philips X'Pert-PRo MPD diffractometer (PANalytical, The Netherlands). The morphology and structure of as-prepared Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs with and without G wrapping were examined by scanning electron microscopy (SEM, JSM-6700) connected to an energy dispersive X-ray spectrometer (EDS). TEM images were taken on a TEM SUPRA 55 (ZEISS, Germany) microscope at 200kV. High-resolution imaging (HRTEM) and selected-area electron diffraction (SAED) patterns were obtained on single crystal.
Electrochemical Testing.The electrochemical measurements of the products were tested by CS310 electrochemical workstation (Corrtest, China), using a standard three-electrode system consisting of the samples modified glassy carbon electrode (GCE) as the working electrode, Ag/AgCl electrode as reference electrode and platinum wire electrode as counter electrode. The geometric surface area of the bare GCE was 0.071cm2. All electrochemical measurements were conducted in 0.1M NaOH electrolyte at ambient temperature. The bare GCE and platinum wire electrode were polished with two types of alumina powder (74–48μm, D50=1.0μm), rinsed thoroughly with deionized water, sonicated in ethanol and dried at ambient temperature. The samples were dispersed in water to form 0.5mgmL−1 homogeneous ink. Then 10μL the mixture was casted on the GCE, and dried at ambient temperature. 2μL Nafion solution was dropped on the layer of Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G and dried at ambient temperature.
Characterization of Co.The crystal structures of the Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G were identified by X-ray diffraction (XRD), and the typical wide-angle diffraction patterns were shown in Fig. 1 . The significant diffraction peaks of carbon at around 26.5° can be indexed to the (002) planes of G . It indicated that GO had been reduced to G after the solvothermal reaction. Besides the characteristic peaks of G, the significant peaks at around 2θ values of 19.0°, 31.4°, 36.9°, 44.9°, 59.6° and 65.5° for Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G were well-indexed to the (111), (220), (311), (400), (511), and (440) planes of Co3O4 (JCPDS 03-065-3103) and NiCo2O4 (JCPDS 01-073-1702). There were no other extra peaks in the pattern of Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G and the pattern of Co3O4 showed no significant difference with NiCo2O4 from the XRD spectrum, indicating the successful integration of G and Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs composites.
Characterization of Co.The morphology and structure of as-prepared Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs with and without G wrapping were examined by scanning electron microscopy (SEM), transmission electron microscopy (TEM) and energy dispersive spectrometry (EDS), as shown in Fig. 2 . In Fig. 2a, the Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs showed polyhedral nanoparticles with a rougher surface and an average size of approximately 600nm. TEM image provided more detailed information regarding to the crystal structure of Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs (Fig. 2b). A typical characteristic of these nanoparticles was that they exhibited a double-shelled structure. The inner shell here was spinel type Co3O4 with a size about 300nm and the outer shell was NiCo2O4, both of two shell presented a cage-like shape. These Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs were composed of Co3O4 and NiCo2O4 nanoparticles with the diameter from 10 to 40nm. Numerous nano/micro-scale gaps could be observed between the adjacent nanoparticles, which suggested that the prepared Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs were highly porous. The chemical composition of Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs was investigated by EDS and the typical elemental signals were shown in the inset of Fig. 2b. The C, O, Co and Ni elements could be detected, which was well agreement with the Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs. After the wrapping of G, the typical SEM image is shown in Fig. 2c, the outer surfaces of all the Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs nanoparticles were wrapped with G sheets. TEM image further demonstrated the wrapping of G sheets around the surface of Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs (labeled by arrows shown in Fig. 2d).
Characterization of Co.Furthermore, as supported by high-resolution transmission electron (HRTEM) images (Fig. 3 a), the clear lattice spacing of 0.283, 0.241 and 0.45nm were in good agreement with the d-spacing of (220), (311) and (111) facets of the orthorhombic phase NiCo2O4 (JCPDS 01-073-1702), respectively. The edges of outer shell of the Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs showed polycrystalline characteristic crystal planes of NiCo2O4 evidenced by the well-defined concentric rings presented in their selected area electron diffraction (SAED) image (Fig. 3b). After the wrapping of G (Fig. 3c and Fig. 3d), Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G showed the same crystal structure as Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs, except that G can be seen in the left bottom of HRTEM images (Fig. 3c).
Electrochemical performance of Co.The real electrochemical surface areas of different electrode were obtained by CV test the electrode in 5mM [Fe(CN)6]3− containing 0.1M KCl at different scan rates. As shown in Fig. 4 (a), the CV at bare GCE showed a couple of reversible redox peaks with the ratio of anodic and cathodic peak currents density was about 1:1 and the peak-to-peak separation (ΔEP) of 84mV. Effective surface areas of electrode can be computed by equation (Eq. (1)) . (1) Ip = kn 3 / 2 A D 0 1 / 2 v 1 / 2 C 0 where Ip is refers to the anodic peak current, A the effective surface areas refers to the anodic peak current, D0 the diffusion coefficient of [Fe(CN)6]3−, C0 the molar concentration of [Fe(CN)6]3−, v the scan rates respectively. So under the test conditions (k=2.69*105; D0 =7.6*10−6 cm2/s; C0 =5*10−3M; n=1) in this study, the effective surface areas of bare electrode and the modified electrode were calculated to be 0.072 and 0.098cm2, respectively. It is demonstrated that Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G modified electrode could increased the electrode effective surface areas.
Electrochemical performance of Co.The CVs of the bare glassy carbon electrode (GCE), Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs and Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G modified GCE were separately investigated in alkaline electrolyte without and with the presence of 4mM Glu. The CV tests were performed within the scope change of potential from 0 to +0.7V at a scan rate of 50mV/s. Compared to the bare GCE electrode, two pairs of redox peaks (labeled by purple oval areas as shown in Fig. 5 ) could be observed in the CVs curves of Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs and Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G. These redox peaks resulted from the reversible transition between NiCo2O4 and NiOOH (I/III), NiCo2O4 and CoOOH (I/III), and transition between CoOOH and Co2 (II/IV) . The Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G modified GCE showed obvious higher peak current density at the potential of +0.55V over Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs modified GCE at the potential of +0.5V, which means that the Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G modified GCE had more outstanding current response to Glu detection. It had been demonstrated that G could improve the electrocatalytic activity of porous structures of Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs towards Glu by virtue of their high specific surface area and electrical conductivity and thus, effectively enhanced direct electron transfer rate between targets and electrode. The major redox reactions can be expressed as the following Eqs. (2), (3) and (4). (2) NiCo2O4 +Co3O4 +2OH− +2H2O→NiOOH+5CoOOH+2e− (3) CoOOH+OH− →CoO2 +H2O+e− (4) NiOOH+CoO2 +C6H12O6 →Ni(OH)2 +CoOOH+C6H10O6
Electrochemical performance of Co.In the alkaline electrolyte, NiCo2O4 and Co3O4 react with OH− and comes out as NiOOH and CoOOH [Eq. (2)], CoOOH reacts with OH− and comes out as CoO2 [Eq. (3)]. The irreversible Glu oxidation happened when 4mM Glu was added into the electrolyte, NiOOH and CoO2 catalyze the Glu to produce gluconolactone [Eq. (4)].
Electrochemical performance of Co.The influence of the scan rate on catalytic activity of Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G in alkaline solution was studied. With the increasing scanning rate from 10 to 500mV/s, the current densities of the anodic and the cathodic peaks gradually shifted towards positive and negative, respectively. As shown in Fig. 6 , both the anodic and cathodic current densities (Ipa) from CV plots were proportional to the square root of scan rate (v1/2), and the equation of Ipa (Y) and v1/2 (X) can be expressed as Y=−1.311+0.802X, with a square of regression coefficient (R2) of 0.999, and expressed as Y=1.455+0.733X, with a square of regression coefficient (R2) of 0.999 respectively, suggesting a typical diffusion-controlled process of Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G.
Electrochemical performance of Co.To investigate the electrocatalytic properties of Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G for Glu, cyclic voltammetry measurements in alkaline electrolyte with various concentrations Glu ranging from 0 to 15mM at 50mV/s were exhibited in Fig. 7 . It was obvious that the redox peak current densities shifted to higher with the increasing of Glu concentration (2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12 and 14mM). It was also demonstrated that Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G modified GCE possessed good current response when adding various Glu concentrations.
Electrochemical performance of Co.As shown in Fig. 8 , the electrochemical measurements of the products were tested by a standard three-electrode system consisting of working electrode, reference electrode and counter electrode. Potential is a measure of the energy available to drive charge externally between the electrodes, it controls the direction and the rate of charge transfer . Thus, it is significance to control the potential value in electrochemistry experiments. Potential possibly influenced the Glu detection performance. To get optimal potential on amperometric response around the anodic peak, 1mM Glu was successive addition of the alkaline solution at five different potentials from +0.40 to +0.60V (Fig. 9 ). There was an obvious current response can be seen upon each addition of 1mM Glu at +0.40V. The current response of 1mM Glu also enhance notably from +0.40 to +0.60V, and finally was tending towards stability at +0.60V. However, the background current and noise increased with the raise in applied potential. So the applied potential of +0.55V was chosen as the optimal working potential for Glu detection in subsequent studies.
Electrochemical performance of Co.Fig. 10 exhibited the amperometric response of the Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs and Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G modified GCE with successive injection of Glu every 50s under continuously stirring at an applied potential of +0.55V. Both two modified GCE exhibited rapid current respond to the addition of Glu, achieving about 95% of the steady-state response current within 4s regardless of the levels of Glu added into the alkaline solution. Two linear relations between Glu concentration and current density could be clearly observed in Fig. 10. The equation of the anodic peak current densities Ipa (Y) and concentration C (X) could be expressed as follows: Y=0.304X+0.031 (R2 =0.999) for Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G and Y=0.196X+0.023 (R2 =0.999) for Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs, respectively. The detection sensitivity of modified GCE to Glu at +0.55V was related to the slope of the curve, indicating that Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G modified GCE was more sensitive than that of Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs modified GCE. It was confirmed that the Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G possessed an excellent electrocatalytic behaviors towards Glu with linear response window concentrations of 0.01-3.52mM (correlation coefficient=0.999), detection limit of 0.384μM (S/N=3) and sensitivity of 0.304mAmM−1 cm−2, compared to the Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs with linear response window concentrations of 0.01-3.52mM (correlation coefficient=0.999), detection limit of 0.744μM(S/N=3) and sensitivity of 0.196mAmM−1 cm−2. These promising results were attributed to the well-distributed porous double-shelled nanostructure, which had provided abundant active sites during the electrochemical redox process. Furthermore, G sheets possessing large specific surface, electrical conductivity and a small amount of unreacted chemical group, could absorb Glu to the vicinity of the electrode. Therefore, these two positive factors provided by double-shelled nanostructure and G sheets efficiently enhanced the sensitivity of the Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs for determining Glu. For comparison, the performances of the Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G and other similar glucose sensors reported in literatures have been described in Table 1 . Compared to other modified electrodes, Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G has higher sensitivity and lower detection limit.
Electrochemical performance of Co.Some elecroactive species, such as L-cysteine (Gys), ascorbic acid (AA), uric acid (UA), dopamine (DA), usually co-exist with Glu in sample, might interfere the decetion of Glu. Glycine (Gly) is the smallest of nonessential amino acides in human serum, it can be electrooxidation by NiOOH electrode modified electrode at applied potential +0.5V resulting in current responds . To investigate the effect of interfering species on the selectivity of the Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G modified electrode, the current-time plot was carried out. The detailed testing process was consecutively adding 0.2mM Glu, 0.02mM glycine (Gly), 0.02mM L-cysteine (Gys), 0.02mM ascorbic acid (AA), 0.02mM uric acid (UA), 0.02mM dopamine (DA), 0.2mM Glu, 0.2mM Glu into alkaline solution at a potential of +0.55V. The obtained Amperometric responses curve was shown in Fig. 11 . The results showed that the response for Glu was obvious, while the signal of these interfering species was rather weak. It indicated that Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G modified electrode had good selectivity for Glu detection.
Electrochemical performance of Co.To probe the interfacial changes of modified electrodes at +0.55V in 4mM Glu solution, EIS has proven to be an efficient testing methods. The semicircle at the high frequency region and the linear portion at low frequency region were ascribed to the electron-transfer limited process and the diffusion-limited process, respectively. In the equivalent circuit, Rs reflected solution resistance and Rct reflected charge-transfer resistance . Fig. 12 showed Nyquist plots obtained from Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs and Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G modified electrode in alkaline solution with the frequency ranging from 0.1–105 Hz. Both Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs and Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G modified electrode exhibited a small semicircle, indicating a lower electron transfer resistance for both the Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs (Rct=3.857Ω) and Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G (Rct=3.52Ω). These results further suggested that the Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G modified electrodes played a role in shortening diffusion path, resulting in the enhanced charge transfer ability and high efficiency catalysis for Glu oxidation.
Electrochemical performance of Co.The average size of Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G particles is approximately 600nm, the diameter of water channel in Nafion film is about 2.4nm according to the Ref. . It means that sample won’t leach from the electrode surface after adding Nafion. However, if there is no Nafion, Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G film is more likely to break apart from the electrode surface and enter the solution. To get the performance of modified electrode with and without Nafion film, current-time plot with adding of 1mM Glu were tested . As shown in Fig. 13 , after a rise in currents density, a steady decrease of the sensitivity of 1.9% and 2.4% per hour towards modified electrode with and without Nafion film were observed. These results indicate that Nafion film not only prevents the Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G fall off but also improves the stability of modified electrode.
Electrochemical performance of Co.Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G showed high stability for amperometric measurements of Glu. Fig. 14 shows the amperometric response of 0.1mM Glu during a prolonged 3h experiment. As shown in Fig. 14, after a rise in current density, a steady decrease of the sensitivity of 2.0% per hour towards modified electrode was observed. It is demonstrated that there is little inhibition effect of Glu and its oxidation products for the modified electrode surface .
Electrochemical performance of Co.In order to prove the potential application of the Glu sensor in real sample, a serum sample with a Glu concentration of 4.91mM (obtained from hospital) was tested by injecting Glu and serum with different concentration into the NaOH solution at a constant potential of +0.55V. The current-time plot with consecutively adding 0.01mM Glu, human serum, 0.02mM Glu, human serum, 0.03mM Glu, human serum in solution is shown in Fig. 15 . By comparing the current response obtained for Glu and blood serum, concentration of Glu in blood serum can be obtained. The result is 4.87mM and the determining error was less than 0.1mM, proving that the Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G modified electrode can be utilized to detect Glu in real samples.
Conclusions.We developed a nonenzymatic electrochemical Glu sensor based on Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G, which was prepared by the formation of Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs and followed by the package of G. The Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G exhibited excellent electrocatalytic performance for detecting Glu in terms of high sensitivity, low detection limit, good selectivity and rapid response time. The outstanding electrocatalytic performance toward Glu was attributed to the abundant active sites provided by the porous structure of the Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs and enhanced efficient electron transport pathways given by G. The presented work extended the research in using ZIF-67 as the template to produce metal oxides and bimetallic oxides double-shelled nanocages applying in nonenzymatic electrochemical Glu sensor. Owing to its excellent properties, efficiency and cheap manufacturing process of the Co3O4/NiCo2O4 DSNCs@G, it was possible to become a promising candidate for important Glu sensor.
Introduction.Grapheneous materials, a family of nanostructures that derive from the stacking of C sp2 lattices , have received considerable attention in different fields due to their multiple applications which were rocketed after 2010 Nobel Prize on Geim and Novoselov work. These applications include electronics, energy, (bio)sensing, medicine and engineering [2–6]. Graphene and graphene oxide (GO) have been used as nanosupports for a variety of biologically active agents leading to novel biocatalysts, biosensors, and drug delivery vehicles. They have been interfaced, modified and/or functionalized with synthetic and natural polymers, DNA sequences, proteins, cells and small molecules [7–12]. Particularly, the interest of using grapheneous nanostructures as building blocks for biosensors relies on their outstanding properties, namely: i) large surface area that enhance the surface loading of biomolecules; ii) excellent conductivity and small band gap that can be beneficial for conducting electrons between biomolecules; iii) tunable optical properties and high transparency; and iv) good biocompatibility, formation of stable aqueous suspensions, and cheap strategies for production, among others.
Introduction.The immobilization of graphene-derived materials at solid substrates requires strict control not only to take advantage of their intrinsic properties but also to maximize the loading of material and to obtain reproducible and appropriate surface distributions to ensure a good analytical performance of the resulting platforms. The usual strategies for the immobilization range from simple drop-casting of a graphenoid dispersion [13–16] to hydrophobic/specific/electrostatic-mediated layer-by-layer (LBL) self-assembly  or covalent tethering to previously derivatized substrates [15,18,19].
Introduction.Different surfaces modified with grapheneous materials have been successfully used for the development of (bio)sensors following diverse protocols [6,20,21]; however, most of the reported studies have been focused on the analytical applications of the proposed grapheneous-modified surfaces rather than on a critical discussion about the criteria for selecting a given modification scheme. There are some reports where the relationship between the immobilization of a protein and the strategy used for immobilizing the grapheneous material have been investigated. Alwarappan et al. have reported an interesting study about the influence of the number of graphene and glucose oxidase layers on the electrochemical response of the resulting platform . Zhang et al. have evaluated the effect of the degree of graphene oxide (GO) reduction on the activity and amount of non-covalently immobilized enzymes  and have demonstrated that, upon increasing the degree of hydrophobicity of reduced graphene oxide (RGO), there is an increment in the quantity of immobilized enzyme although its activity decreases. More recently, Macwan et al. have demonstrated, through molecular dynamics/experimental studies, that no significant changes in the structure of avidine were obtained after the interaction with graphene sheets .
Introduction.The association of biomolecules (DNA sequences, proteins) with graphene-derived nanomaterials is a booming field and is widely used as strategy for the development of electrochemical and plasmonic biosensors. In this sense, the design of simple and reproducible methodologies for the preparation of biosensors that ensures the maximum efficiency in the immobilization of the biorecognition molecule and the best analytical performance of the resulting biosensing platforms, is a critical aspect. On the other hand, the transduction mode plays a crucial role in the overall efficiency of the biosensor since the final biosensing signal will critically depend on the scheme used for the transduction. If it is indirect, it generally involves the use of a probe like in the case of electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) , and if it is direct, as in the case of surface plasmon resonance (SPR) , one usually monitor an intrinsic signal of the equipment.
Introduction.In this work, we report a critical analysis about the influence of the strategy used to modify gold surfaces with GO, GO modified with chitosan (CHIT) (GO-CHIT) and chemically reduced GO-CHIT (RGO-CHIT) at Au surfaces modified with sodium 3-mercapto-1-propanesulfonate (MPS) on the covalent immobilization of a model protein, bovine serum albumin (BSA). We payed special attention on the electrochemical and optical properties of the resulting platforms and the correlation between the strategies used to immobilize the grapheneous material, the amount of BSA immobilized at each platform and the mode of transducing the signal. In the following sections we discuss the non-covalent assembly of GO, GO-CHIT and RGO-CHIT at Au modified with MPS and the electrochemical and plasmonic properties of the different platforms. The different systems were evaluated using cyclic voltammetry; electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS); scanning electrochemical microscopy (SECM); UV–Vis, FTIR, and Raman spectroscopy; surface plasmon resonance (SPR); thermogravimetry (TGA); scanning electronic microscopy (SEM) and ζ-potential/hydrodynamic radius measurements.
Materials and chemicals.Graphene oxide (GO, aqueous dispersion 4 mg mL−1) was obtained from Graphenea. Chitosan (CHIT, 20–300 cP), poly(diallyldimethylammonium chloride) (PDDA, 60–180 cP), bovine serum albumin (BSA), sodium 3-mercapto-1-propanesulfonate (MPS), 1-Ethyl-3-(3-dimethylaminopropyl)carbodiimide (EDC), N-hydroxysuccinimide (NHS), glutaraldehyde (Glut) and 2-(N-morpholino)ethanesulfonic acid (MES) were obtained from Sigma-Aldrich. Other chemicals were reagent grade and were used without further purification. All solutions were prepared with ultra-pure water (18 MΩ cm) from a Millipore-MilliQ system.
Synthesis of GO-CHIT and RGO-CHIT conjugates.The CHIT solution (2.00 mg mL−1) was prepared in a 0.100 M MES buffer pH 5.00 by sonication for 2 h in an ultrasound bath. GO (1.25 mg mL−1) was then added to the polymer solution and sonicated for 2 additional hours to obtain an homogeneous dispersion. The amidation reaction (Fig. S1) was carried out by adding the coupling agents  EDC (0.076 M) and NHS (0.076 M) to the dispersion of GO with CHIT. The mixture was sonicated for another 2 h and then was allowed to react overnight under magnetic stirring. The purification of GO-CHIT was performed by centrifuging the mixture for 1 h at 6000 rpm, discarding the supernatant and resuspending the pellet in 0.100 M MES buffer pH 5.00. This procedure was repeated 5 times to remove all the unreacted CHIT.
Synthesis of GO-CHIT and RGO-CHIT conjugates.RGO-CHIT was obtained by reducing GO-CHIT with excess of NaBH4. The GO-CHIT and the reducing agent mixture was left to react for 24 h with the aid of a magnetic stirrer. The purification was done following the same protocol as for GO-CHIT.
Modification of gold substrates.The non-covalent immobilization of GO, GO-CHIT and RGO-CHIT was performed by LBL self-assembly at a thiol-derivatized gold substrate. The Au surface was modified by immersing for 60 min in a 2.00 × 10−2 M MPS solution (prepared in 1.60 × 10−3 M H2SO4 solution) and further rinsing with deionized water. The surface coverage of MPS (ΓMPS) was obtained by oxidative desorption experiments performed by cyclic voltammetry , being ΓMPS = (7.89 ± 0.02) ×10−10 mol cm−2.
Modification of gold substrates.Non-covalent assembly of PDDA/GO and covalent attachment of BSA (Scheme 1 A). Au/MPS was immersed for 15 min in a PDDA solution (1.00 mg mL−1 prepared in 0.050 M phosphate buffer solution pH 7.40). After rinsing with the phosphate buffer solution, the resulting Au/MPS/PDDA platform was allowed to interact for 30 min with a 0.50 mg mL−1 GO dispersion. The evaluation of the protein loading capacity was performed by covalent immobilization of BSA (which served as model protein), to the carboxylate residues of GO. Au/MPS/PDDA/GO was activated with a 0.050 M EDC/NHS mixture for 20 min and then left to interact for 30 min with 1.00 mg mL−1 BSA solution (prepared in 0.050 M phosphate buffer solution pH 7.40).
Modification of gold substrates.The pH of GO dispersions was adjusted to the desired value using concentrated NaOH solution and immediately assembled at Au/MPS/PDDA.
Modification of gold substrates.Non-covalent assembly of GO-CHIT and RGO-CHIT and covalent attachment of BSA (Scheme 1B). As the tethered polymer CHIT is positively charged under the experimental conditions, both GO-CHIT and RGO-CHIT, were immobilized directly at Au/MPS by immersion for 60 min in a 0.50 mg mL−1 GO-CHIT or RGO-CHIT dispersion. The covalent immobilization of BSA was performed by coupling with 1.0 %v/v Glut solution (prepared in 1.0 %v/v acetic acid solution) for 20 min . After rinsing the resulting platform, it was left to interact for 30 min with a 1.00 mg mL−1 BSA solution (prepared in 0.200 M acetate buffer solution pH 5.00).
Modification of gold substrates.The pH of GO-CHIT/RGO-CHIT dispersions was adjusted to the desired value using concentrated NaOH solution and immediately assembled at Au/MPS.
Apparatus and procedure.UV–Vis experiments were performed with a Shimadzu UV1601 spectrophotometer and a quartz cuvette of 0.1 cm path length. For exposing the negative charges of the quartz silicate groups (and therefore emulate the negative charge density of Au/MPS surface) the cuvette was treated for 20 min in an ultrasound bath with 1.0% w/v NaOH solution (in 59% v/v ethanol aqueous solution).
Apparatus and procedure.Scanning electron microscopy (SEM) images were obtained with a Field Emission Gun Scanning Electron Microscope (FE-SEM, Zeiss, ΣIGMA model).
Apparatus and procedure.The FTIR spectra were obtained with a 200X-ATR-V (Interspectrum) spectrophotometer using an ATR Miracle cell with Ge crystal window. Raman spectra were acquired with a LABRAM-HR Horiba Jobin-Yvon confocal microscope Raman system. The laser excitation and power were 632.8 nm (HeNe) and 1.7 mW, respectively. Dynamic light scattering (DLS) and ζ-potential measurements were performed using a Beckman Coulter Delsa Nano C equipment. Thermogravimetric (TGA) measurements were carried out with a Shimadzu DTG-60 thermoanalyzer, between 25 and 800 °C (heat rate: 10 °C min−1) under N2 atmosphere.
Apparatus and procedure.SPR measurements were done with a single channel AUTOLAB SPRINGLE instrument (Eco Chemie). The SPR sensor disks (BK 7) were mounted on a hemicylindrical lens through index-matching oil to form the base of a cuvette. Sample solutions (60 μL) were injected manually into the cuvette. The measurements were carried out under non-flow liquid conditions at (25 ± 1) °C.
Apparatus and procedure.Scanning electrochemical microscopy (SECM) images were obtained with a CHI900 bipotentiostat (CHInstruments) using a home-made carbon fiber (diameter ∼ 10 μm) as the ultramicro-electrode (UME) probe. SECM feedback mode was selected to obtain images of each modified surface using a 5.00 × 10−4 M ferrocene methanol (FcOH) solution. The UME and the substrate potentials were held at 0.500 V and 0.000 V during the acquisition of the images and the UME scan rate was 10.0 μm s−1. The SECM surface plots are depicted by normalizing the current of the UME at the surface (iT) with the steady-state current of the UME positioned far from the substrate (iT,∞).
Apparatus and procedure.Electrochemical experiments were performed with an Autolab PGSTAT 128 N potentiostat (Metrohm Autolab B.V.) equipped with a FRA 32 M module. Cyclic voltammetry (CV) experiments were carried out at a scan rate of v = 0.050 V s−1. Electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) was conducted using 2.00 × 10−3 M quinone (Q)/hydroquinone (H2Q) solution as redox probe (prepared in 0.100 M phosphate buffer solution pH 7.40) at open circuit potential (o.c.p., c.a. 0.070 V), with a potential amplitude of 10 mV from 105 to 10−2 Hz. Gold disk electrodes of 2 mm diameter (CHInstruments 101) were used as substrate during the electrochemical experiments. A platinum wire and an Ag/AgCl/NaCl (3 M) electrode (Model RE-5B, BAS) were used as counter and reference electrodes, respectively. The reported potentials are referred to this reference electrode. All experiments were performed at room temperature.
Characterization of GO, GO-CHIT and RGO-CHIT.Fig. 1 A depicts the FTIR spectra of CHIT, GO, GO-CHIT and RGO-CHIT. CHIT spectrum shows two characteristic bands at 1650 (amide I) and 1592 cm−1 (amide II), corresponding to the C=O stretching and N–H deformation, respectively. The bands around 1450–1200 and 1200-900 cm−1 correspond to C–H and O–H deformations and C–O tensions, respectively. GO spectrum displays bands at 1734 cm−1 (C=O stretching at GO borders), 1626 cm−1 (conjugated C=C stretching), 1169 cm−1 (phenol C–O stretching), and 1049 cm−1 (epoxy C–O–C stretching). The covalent modification of GO with CHIT shifts the amide I and II bands to lower wavenumbers (1639 cm−1 and 1544 cm−1, respectively) due to the new amide bonds formed between NH2 groups of CHIT and COOH residues of GO. The band corresponding to C=O bonds of GO still appears in the spectrum of GO-CHIT (shifted to 1721 cm−1) indicating that, after the covalent modification, some carboxylic groups remained unreacted. The spectrum of RGO-CHIT shows the amide I and amide II bands (at 1643 and 1540 cm−1) while the one corresponding to the unbonded C=O groups disappears as a consequence of the reduction with NaBH4 .
Characterization of GO, GO-CHIT and RGO-CHIT.Fig. 1B displays the TGA curves for CHIT, GO, GO-CHIT and RGO-CHIT. The three profiles show a weight loss around 100 °C is associated to the removal of water ab/adsorbed in the samples. The TGA curve for CHIT shows a 60% weight loss at 302 °C related to the thermal and oxidative decomposition of the polymer backbone . The TGA profile for GO displays a mass loss of 33% at 211 °C which is associated to the pyrolysis of labile oxygen groups . Both processes can be clearly discriminated in the derivative TGA curves presented in Fig. S2. The higher thermal stability evidenced by the lower mass loss at c.a. 210 °C and the weight loss at 280 °C observed in the TGA profile for GO-CHIT (decomposition of CHIT) are clear indications of the covalent functionalization of GO with CHIT. The spectrum of RGO-CHIT shows a lower weight-loss mass at 210 °C due to the partial removal of oxygen-containing- groups after the reduction of GO-CHIT and the corresponding contribution around 300 °C due to CHIT.
Characterization of GO, GO-CHIT and RGO-CHIT.The comparison of the UV–Vis spectra for GO, GO-CHIT and RGO-CHIT provides additional evidences of the covalent modification of GO with CHIT and further reduction of GO (Fig. S3). The spectrum of GO displays two extinction bands at 234 and 305 nm, corresponding to the π → π∗ transition of C=C conjugate bonds and C=O bonds, respectively . The covalent attachment of CHIT to GO changes the dielectric constant of GO surroundings, upshifting the extinction bands of GO-CHIT spectrum by c.a. 9 nm. Upon the reduction to RGO-CHIT, the band corresponding to C=C bonds presents a bathochromic shift (to 260 nm) as π conjugation increases .
Characterization of GO, GO-CHIT and RGO-CHIT.Figure S4 displays the Raman spectra for GO, GO-CHIT and RGO-CHIT and Table S1 summarizes the wavenumbers and intensity ratio for D and G bands. The covalent modification of GO and RGO with CHIT promotes the stability of the dispersions by preventing the re-stacking of the sheets, producing a downshift of the 2D band  of GO-CHIT and RGO-CHIT compared to GO. Upon reduction of GO-CHIT, D and G bands shift to lower wavenumbers due to restauration of graphitic C sp2 lattice . The increment of ID/IG ratio from GO-CHIT to RGO-CHIT (Table S1), reveals that upon treatment of GO-CHIT with NaBH4 RGO-CHIT sp2 domains size increases. As stated by Ferrari et al. , ID/IG decreases when sp2 carbon hexagonal structure starts to disappear.
Characterization of gold surfaces modified with dispersions of GO, GO-CHIT and RGO-CHIT and BSA.In the previous section we have demonstrated the effective covalent functionalization of GO with CHIT and further reduction to obtain RGO-CHIT. In this section we discuss the non-covalent immobilization of GO, GO-CHIT and RGO-CHIT at Au/MPS and the covalent binding of the model protein, BSA, at the resulting Au-modified surfaces.
Characterization of gold surfaces modified with dispersions of GO, GO-CHIT and RGO-CHIT and BSA.Fig. 2 depicts the SPR profiles obtained during the non-covalent immobilization of PDDA and GO (A), GO-CHIT (B) and RGO-CHIT (C) at Au/MPS, and the covalent attachment of BSA at each of the resulting platforms. The fast increase of SPR angle (θSPR) observed after the immobilization of the different grapheneous materials either to the positively charged PDDA (A) or to the negatively charged MPS (B and C), is indicative of a rapid and efficient adsorption. The interaction of the different platforms (Au/MPS/PDDA/GO, Au/MPS/GO-CHIT and Au/MPS/RGO-CHIT) with 1.00 mg mL−1 BSA also produces an important and fast increase of θSPR as a consequence of the covalent attachment of the protein to the carboxylic groups of GO through EDC/NHS chemistry (A) or to the amine groups of CHIT through the use of Glut (B and C). The change in the SPR angle before and after the attachment of BSA and careful washing of the surface (ΔθSPR), is related to the mass of protein immobilized at the surface . Therefore, these ΔθSPR let us to obtain the surface coverages of the protein (ΓBSA) at the different platforms, being 8.21 × 10−12, 3.14 × 10−12 and 4.46 × 10−12 mol cm−2 at Au/MPS/PDDA/GO, Au/MPS/GO-CHIT and Au/MPS/RGO-CHIT, respectively.
Characterization of gold surfaces modified with dispersions of GO, GO-CHIT and RGO-CHIT and BSA.The construction of the different architectures was also evaluated by electrochemical techniques using FcOH as redox marker. Fig. 3 A displays the peak potential separation (ΔEp) for 5.00 × 10−4 M FcOH obtained from CV experiments performed after each step during the non-covalent immobilization of GO, GO-CHIT and RGO-CHIT at Au/MPS and the covalent attachment of BSA at the different platforms. CVs were performed at a scan rate of 0.050 V s−1 and are shown in Fig. S5. Upon the modification of Au with MPS, ΔEp increases because of surface blockage produced by the thiol. The adsorption of PDDA at Au/MPS generates a positively charged film that electrostatically repels the oxidation product of FcOH, FcOH●+, generating an increment of ΔEp. The self-assembly of GO at Au/MPS/PDDA produces the opposite effect due to the screening of PDDA positive charges by GO. At variance with the immobilization of GO at Au/MPS/PDDA, the assembly of GO-CHIT at Au/MPS produces an increment of ΔEp due to the blocking effect of the tethered-polymer. In the case of Au/MPS/RGO-CHIT, in spite of the presence of the polymer, the assembly of RGO-CHIT produces a decrease of ΔEp, from (127 ± 4) mV to (93 ± 4) mV associated with the improvement in the charge transfer kinetics of the redox probe due to the restoration of the sp2 character of the graphitic network after reduction of GO-CHIT with NaBH4 . The covalent immobilization of BSA at any of the three platforms sluggish the FcOH charge transfer, rising ΔEp, effect that is more or less pronounced depending on the amount of the model protein at the gold surface (as it will be discussed in the following paragraphs).
Characterization of gold surfaces modified with dispersions of GO, GO-CHIT and RGO-CHIT and BSA.SECM feedback images were also used to evaluate the different architectures with FcOH as redox mediator. Fig. 3B shows the normalized currents (iT/iT,∞) of UME at Au (a), Au/MPS/PDDA (b) and Au/MPS/PDDA/GO (c). The modification of Au with MPS and PDDA produces a decrease in the normalized currents due to the presence of the thiol and the positive layer of PDDA. The adsorption of GO at Au/MPS/PDDA restores iT/iT,∞ to values close to bare Au electrode. SECM surface plot of Fig. 3C displays the profiles of the normalized currents for Au (a) and Au/MPS/GO-CHIT (b). As in the case previously described, the platform shows a relatively homogeneous local electroactivity although, at variance with the immobilization of GO at Au/MPS/PDDA, the incorporation of GO-CHIT produces a decrease in iT/iT,∞ compared to bare Au, due to the blocking effect of the CHIT polymeric chains, in agreement with the voltammetric results previously described. Unlike the relatively smooth response obtained for Au/MPS/PDDA/GO and Au/MPS/GO-CHIT, the SECM profile of Au/MPS/RGO-CHIT (Fig. 3D) reveals areas with considerably different electroactivity, with iT/iT,∞ values lower and higher than that for bare Au, demonstrating a non-homogeneous distribution of RGO-CHIT on the surfaces. The average iT/iT,∞ values are higher than that obtained with bare Au which is in consonance with the improvement observed in the voltammetric experiments after incorporation of RGO-CHIT. In conclusion, SECM and CV results showed that, from the electrochemical point of view, the most reactive surface is Au/MPS/RGO-CHIT mainly due to the characteristics of RGO.
Effect of the pH of the grapheneous materials-dispersions on the construction of the platforms.To facilitate the understanding of the immobilization of BSA at Au/MPS/PDDA/GO, Au/MPS/GO-CHIT and Au/MPS/RGO-CHIT and taking into account the acid-base characteristics of GO and CHIT, we studied the effect of the pH used to prepare the nanomaterials dispersions on the dispersability and stability of GO, GO-CHIT and RGO-CHIT.
Effect of the pH of the grapheneous materials-dispersions on the construction of the platforms.Fig. 4 displays the variation of the hydrodynamic radius and ζ-potential as a function of the pH of the dispersions. GO colloidal dispersions are charge-stabilized , therefore, at low pHs the carboxylic groups of GO are protonated, decreasing the hydrophilicity of the sheets , inducing aggregation and increase in the radius (Fig. 4A). As the pH increases up to pH 8.00, the deprotonation of the carboxylic groups produces a decrease of ζ-potential and, therefore, of the hydrodynamic radius, due to the increase of GO negative charges density. The minimum in ζ-potential and hydrodynamic radius observed at pH 8.00 is associated with the screening of the negative charges of GO while adjusting the pH [44–46] as a result of the increase in the ionic strength. Unlike GO, GO-CHIT and RGO-CHIT have positive values of ζ-potentials (Fig. 4B) since the colloidal charge-stabilization comes from the ammonium groups of CHIT polymeric chains (pKa,CHIT ranges between 4 and 6 depending on the length and degree of deacetylation ). When the pH increases, the ζ-potentials become lower and the hydrodynamic radius increases due to the deprotonation of the –NH2 residues of CHIT that decreases the positive charge density of the colloid and the polymer chains roll up and form aggregates through van de Waals and hydrogen bonding interactions. In fact, above pH 6.00 the dispersion is not stable and it precipitates once suspended the ultrasound treatment.
Effect of the pH of the grapheneous materials-dispersions on the construction of the platforms.The influence of the pH of the grapheneous materials dispersions on their assembly at Au/MPS was evaluated through the resulting local electrochemical properties. Fig. 5 A shows SECM surface plots for Au/MPS/PDDA after the assembly of GO dispersions of different pHs. As the pH of the dispersion increases, there is an increment in the normalized currents up to pH 8.00, to decrease thereafter. This maximum is connected with the minimum in GO ζ-potential profile and is related to a higher density of carboxylate groups and a better GO dispersion. Fig. 5B displays the SECM images for Au/MPS/GO-CHIT using GO-CHIT dispersions of different pHs. At more acidic pHs, the normalized currents are smaller than that obtained at bare Au as a consequence of the blocking effect of the polymer and the presence of protonated amine residues. As the pH of the dispersion increases the normalized currents also increase due to the deprotonation of CHIT (although remain smaller than the normalized current at bare Au electrode). SECM surface plots for RGO-CHIT (Fig. 5C) shows that when the dispersion is prepared at pHs close to the pka of CHIT, lower and non-homogeneous iT/iT,∞ values are observed, due to the poor dispersability of RGO-CHIT and formation of aggregates at the surface. Conversely, the profile at pH 2.00 presents iT/iT,∞ values higher than those for bare Au and shows a more homogeneous response since the protonated nature of CHIT grafted chains facilitates the interaction with the underlying negative charges of Au/MPS. These results demonstrate that, even considering the blocking effect of the CHIT that modifies RGO, when the dispersability of RGO-CHIT is optimal (pH < pKa), the electroactive behavior of the RGO is the one that prevails.
Effect of the pH of the grapheneous materials-dispersions on the construction of the platforms.Since the variation in the pH of the grapheneous materials dispersions produces important changes in the morphology and electrochemical reactivity of the platforms, we also evaluated the influence of the pH of the dispersions on the immobilization of BSA. Fig. 6 A shows the effect of the pH of GO dispersions assembled at Au/MPS/PDDA on ΓBSA (obtained from SPR experiments). The higher amount of GO carboxylate groups obtained with the increase of the dispersion pH increases the number of protein anchoring points producing an increment in ΓBSA up to pH 8.00. At pH > 8.00 ΓBSA decreases in the same way as the ζ-potential behavior (Fig. 4A). In the case of GO-CHIT (Fig. 6B), the increase of pH produces a decrease in the amount of BSA attached to Au/MPS/GO-CHIT due to a lower amount of anchoring points as a consequence of the poor dispersability of RGO-CHIT, as it was previously described. The profile of ΓBSA versus pH obtained for the assembling at Au/MPS/RGO-CHIT (Fig. 6C), is similar to the one observed for Au/MPS/GO-CHIT.
Effect of the pH of the grapheneous materials-dispersions on the construction of the platforms.It is widely known that EIS is a powerful tool for the detection of protein binding processes at electrodes surfaces. Hence, we performed EIS experiments for Au/MPS/PDDA/GO (Fig. S6), Au/MPS/GO-CHIT (Fig. S7) and Au/MPS/RGO-CHIT (Fig. S8) before and after the assembling of BSA using 2.00 × 10−3 M Q/H2Q as redox probe (prepared in a 0.100 M phosphate buffer solution pH 7.40). This couple is adsorbed at sp2 carbon during electron transfer  and, in this way, is sensitive to the surface blockage/coverage. Fig. 6D depicts the total resistances (R) obtained at Au/MPS/PDDA/GO (orange bars) and Au/MPS/PDDA/GO/BSA (purple bars), from the corresponding EIS spectra fittings (equivalent circuits and a short explanation of how R was obtained can be found in the Supporting Information). In consonance with previous results, the smallest value of R is obtained when the pH of GO dispersion is 8.00 because, even when GO is an electrical insulator, its k0 is higher than that of the subjacent Au/MPS/PDDA layer. The covalent immobilization of BSA at Au/MPS/PDDA generates an increment in R at all pHs due to the surface blockage and reaction kinetics hindering (purple bars). Therefore, at pH 8.00 the maximum mass loading of BSA generates the highest increment in R for Q/H2Q. The variation of R for Q/H2Q before and after BSA immobilization was also evaluated at Au/MPS/GO-CHIT (Fig. 6E). At pH 2.00, even when GO-CHIT is an electrical insulator, since its k0 is higher than that for Au/MPS layer, the R is the smallest and the main responsible is the assembly of a larger amount of nanomaterial under these conditions (orange bars). As the pH of the GO-CHIT assembled dispersion increases, the amount of immobilized dispersion is reduced and the total R increases due to the incomplete coverage of the passivated Au/MPS surface. The assembly of BSA produces important changes in R at lower pHs because the density of amino groups and the amount of BSA linked to the platform are maximum and generates the largest difference in R (Fig. 6E, purple bars). As the pH increases, the blockage of the surface by the aggregation of CHIT functionalized nanomaterials is the most important effect (compared to the blocking effect of the protein) and the change in R is smaller. As the pH increases, the presence of lower amount of GO-CHIT at the surface and, consequently, lower protein coverage, produce smaller changes in R. Regarding RGO-CHIT (Fig. 6F, orange bars), the profile of R with the pH of the assembled dispersion is similar to the one obtained for Au/MPS/GO-CHIT although the absolute values are smaller because of the higher C sp2/sp3 ratio and conductive nature of RGO. The covalent immobilization of BSA makes the total R to increase due to surface blockage (Fig. 6F, purple bars). Since the platform assembled at pH 2.00 is the one with the highest amount of RGO-CHIT (and largest density of –NH2 groups), it is the one with the largest change in R. In summary, lower pHs favor the assembly of RGO-CHIT at Au/MPS and the attachment of BSA at Au/MPS/RGO-CHIT, amplifying the changes in R.
Final comparison: grapheneous material versus transduction of the model protein assembly.Table 1 presents the most relevant results obtained for the different platforms regarding SECM surface reactivity, SEM images, grapheneous-materials coverages, ΓBSA, and the percentage of increase of R.
Final comparison: grapheneous material versus transduction of the model protein assembly.The first row of the table displays SEM images of the different platforms. They reveal that Au/MPS/PDDA/GO is the platform that possesses the most homogeneous coverage of the surface. However, in all cases is possible to distinguish the graphenoid sheets with their jagged edges and irregular facets. A good interconnection between the different graphenoid sheets is also evident for the three surfaces, in agreement with the SECM surface plots presented in the second row. The SECM plots show the highest iT/iT,∞ for Au/MPS/RGO-CHIT, demonstrating that among the three platforms, it is the most electroactive platform due to restoration of C sp2 network after the reduction with NaBH4. This is supported by the fact that Rct is the lowest for Au/MPS/RGO-CHIT platform (note the resistance values of Fig. 6D–F).
Final comparison: grapheneous material versus transduction of the model protein assembly.The coverage values calculated by UV–Vis spectroscopy (third row of Table 1) are in agreement with the coverages shown in SEM images: Au/MPS/GO-CHIT and Au/MPS/RGO-CHIT contain about half of nanomaterial than Au/MPS/PDDA/GO, and they present almost the half of ΓBSA, clearly demonstrating the direct connection between nanomaterial coverage and protein loading.
Final comparison: grapheneous material versus transduction of the model protein assembly.Consequently, for the development of biosensors where the recognition layer is a protein and the detection method is direct and depends on the amount of immobilized protein (SPR, for example), one has to optimize how the assembly conditions/methodology affect the platform's protein loading. For our case, as Au/MPS/PDDA/GO has the highest availability of protein anchoring points, is the chosen one.
Final comparison: grapheneous material versus transduction of the model protein assembly.The last row of Table 1 presents the change of R for Q/H2Q before and after BSA immobilization. The platform that possesses the highest change is Au/MPS/RGO-CHIT, however, it is not associated with the amount of immobilized nanomaterial or ΓBSA, since Au/MPS/PDDA incorporates about twice as much GO than RGO-CHIT at Au/MPS, and ΓBSA is almost the half of the one obtained at Au/MPS/PDDA/GO. The higher change in the R is due to the conductive nature of RGO-CHIT that makes it more sensitive to surface blockage. Therefore, for the development of biosensors where the transduction is based on the changes of the electrochemical properties of an inner-sphere redox marker (as in the case of EIS), one has to optimize the methodology to maximize the differences in charge transfer without and with the protein insulating layer. In our analyzed systems, this accomplished with the Au/MPS/RGO-CHIT platform.
Conclusions.We reported here the importance of performing a rational selection of the graphene-derived materials (GO, GO-CHIT or RGO-CHIT) and the conditions for their incorporation at gold surfaces for the successful immobilization of BSA (taken as model protein). We demonstrated the importance of the pH of the grapheneous materials dispersions in two crucial aspects: i) the amount of nanomaterial and BSA attached at the gold surfaces, and ii) the electrochemical and plasmonic properties of the resulting platforms. The other critical aspect we studied here, intimately related to the amount of nanomaterial and protein coverage, is the importance of performing a rational selection of the technique used for transducing the signal according to the characteristics of the platform. These results demonstrated that the knowledge of basic information of a nano-bio-platform based on grapheneous-materials and proteins, going from the immobilization of the grapheneous-nanomaterial step to the final transduction scheme is essential to further obtain biosensing platforms with good analytical performance.
Conclusions.For our system (immobilization of BSA at Au/MPS/PDDA/GO, Au/MPS/GO-CHIT and Au/MPS/RGO-CHIT) we demonstrated that, if the detection method depends on the direct quantification of the amount of BSA immobilized at the platform, the use of GO is the best option while if the detection mode depends on the changes in the electrochemical response of a redox marker, the use of RGO is the most appropriate.
Introduction.It is well known that electrolyte is a crucial part of supercapacitor. However, traditional liquid electrolytes with considerable ionic conductivity usually suffer from some inherent shortcomings, such as leakage, corrosion, and other problems. Though these problems have been tackled by replacing liquid electrolytes with solid polymer electrolytes, the application of solid polymer electrolyte in a high-performance supercapacitor is greatly limited due to its low ionic conductivity . To achieve both advantages of the liquid electrolyte and solid electrolyte, the gel polymer electrolytes(GPEs) were proposed . Mixing with polymer, salt, and solvent, GPEs with an acceptable ionic conductivity (10−3–10−4 Scm−1) are flexible, low cost, and easy to obtain. Furthermore, the use of GPE in supercapacitors can solve the leakage problem while keeping the similar electrochemical performances of the supercapacitors with a liquid electrolyte . Most importantly, the utilization of GPEs make the bendable power devices possible, and hence, extend the application areas of supercapacitors .
Introduction.In the past few decades, different kinds of GPEs, such as poly (vinyl alcohol) (PVA) , poly (polyacrylate) (PAA) , poly (ethylene oxide) (PEO) , and poly (vinylidene fluoride-co-hexafluoropropylene) (PVDF-HFP) , have been synthesized and developed for supercapacitor applications. Among these GPEs, PVA attracts the interest of researchers due to its non-toxic, low cost, and good film forming property . The PVA-based GPE, doped with a strong acid (H2SO4 or H3PO4) , strong alkaline (KOH)  or neutral salt (Li2SO4)  to gain the ionic conductivity, is one of the most commonly used GPEs in supercapacitors . Hence, great efforts have been paid to develop high-performance quasi-solid-state supercapacitors via modifying PVA-based GPEs. One efficient way to enhance the specific capacitance of the quasi-solid-state supercapacitors is to add some redox additives, like hydroquinone  and indigo carmine , into the GPEs. When coupled with these GPEs, the quasi-solid-state supercapacitors showed a dramatical enhancement in specific capacitance. However, these redox additives, which introduce the additional pseudocapacitance, usually are harmful to the long-term cycle stability of the supercapacitors. Another way to obtain high-performance quasi-solid-state supercapacitors is to add some nanofillers into the PVA-based GPEs. For example, by adding TiO2 or SiO2 nanoparticles into the silicotungstic acid-PVA GPEs, the ionic conductivity of the GPEs can be maintained steadily around 10mScm−1 for more than 60 days, while the ionic conductivity fluctuates strongly with the relative humidity for the filler-free GPEs. As a result, the supercapacitors, coupled with the TiO2 or SiO2 nanoparticles filled GPEs, exhibit better stability . Recently, 2D graphene and graphene oxides have also been introduced into GPEs. These 2D nanofillers are a benefit to decreasing the degree of crystalline in the GPEs as well as form an interconnected and continuous “super-highway” for ion movement, and hence, greatly improve the ion conductivity of these GPEs . As a typical, a new type of boron crosslinked graphene oxide/PVA GPE has been synthesized by Huang et al. . Due to its surface polar groups, the graphene oxide can work as an ionic conducting promoter in this GPE. As a result, there has been an obvious enhancement in specific capacitance of the GPE-based supercapacitor (about 141.8Fg−1), compared with that of a supercapacitor coupled with a liquid electrolyte (109.4Fg−1).
Introduction.h-BN nanosheets, which are similar to graphene and can be exfoliated facilely in water through supersonication , have excellent chemical stability, thermal stability and intrinsic electrical insulation, compared to other 2D materials (e.g. MoS2, graphene) . More importantly, the intercalation of H2SO4 or H3PO4 into the h-BN through the supersonic process in water could bring lots of OH groups on the surface of h-BN nanosheets . These introduced OH groups on h-BN nanosheets could offer plenty of criss-cross “super-highways” for ion migration in GPE, and hence, make it possible for the h-BN nanosheets as a high-efficient additive to improve ionic conductivity of the GPEs.
Introduction.Nevertheless, due to the poor dispersion and natural aggregation of h-BN in the polymer matrix , up to now, only a few works have been published on the use of h-BN nanoparticle or nanosheets as additive to improve ionic conductivity of polymer electrolyte for fuel cell applications [28–32]. For example, anhydrous Nafion/nano-BN membrane  and poly(vinly phosphonic acid)/sulfonated polysulfone/h-BN membrane  have been developed for fuel cell application. Although the ionic conductivities of these two polymer electrolytes with BN nanofillers are improved, the ionic conductivities are still lower than 0.1mScm−1. Fortunately, some recent works have successfully demonstrated that the h-BN nanosheets can be wrapped well with the PVA chains so as to limit their aggregation and maintain a homogenous h-BN/PVA solution [33–36]. These results throw light on the possibility of obtaining high-performance PVA-based GPEs with the h-BN doping. However, to our best knowledge, there is no report of h-BN nanosheets into the PVA-H2SO4 GPEs for supercapacitor application.
Introduction.Herein, we report the addition of h-BN nanosheets as nanofillers in PVA-H2SO4 GPEs and its application in a quasi-solid-state supercapacitor. With very few amount of h-BN (0.025mgml−1) added into the PVA-H2SO4 GPE, the h-BN-doped PVA-H2SO4 GPE demonstrates the dramatical enhancement in ionic conductivity by more than 200%, compared with that of pure PVA-H2SO4 GPE. The dramatically enhanced ionic conductivity is attributed to the formation of ionic “super-highway” in the PVA-H2SO4 GPEs. Based on these exiting results, the supercapacitor, assembled with the h-BN-doped PVA-H2SO4 GPEs and activated carbon electrodes, exhibits excellent electrochemical performances. At the current density of 0.5Ag−1, the symmetric quasi-solid-state supercapacitor coupled with h-BN-doped PVA-H2SO4 GPE can deliver an electrode specific capacitance of 124.5Fg−1, and retain more than 99.2% capacitance after 5000 charge-discharge cycles.
Materials.All the reagents and materials, such as PVA-124 (Aladdin Co., Ltd. China), sulfuric acid (H2SO4, Sinopharm Chemical Reagent Co., Ltd, China), activated carbon (AC, Sinopharm Chemical Reagent Co., Ltd, China), hexagonal boron nitride (h-BN, Aladdin Co. Ltd. China, 99.9% metal basis) were commercially available and employed without further purification.
Preparation of h-BN-doped gel polymer electrolyte.A series of BN-PVA-H2SO4 gel polymer electrolytes were fabricated through a simple solution-mixing/casting method. The procedure is as following. First, 0.01, 0.025, 0.05, 0.1, 0.25, and 0.5mgml−1 of h-BN suspension were obtained by respectively adding h-BN into 100ml deionized water and ultrasonicated for 12hours. Then 8g PVA was dissolved into each suspension with stirring at 90°C for 2h. After that, 10g H2SO4 was added dropwisely to the solutions to form homogeneous mixtures under continuously stirring. Finally, the viscous mixtures were poured into a glass petri dish, frozen at −40°C for 12h, and thawed at room temperature for 6h to get the gel polymer electrolytes.
Preparation of activated carbon electrode and fabrication of quasi-solid-state supercapacitor.The AC electrode was prepared as follows: The AC (200mg, 80%) and acetylene black (25mg, 10%) were added into ethanol and stirred for 12h. Then, binder polytetrafluoroethylene (25mg, 10%) was added to the solution, and the whole slurry was groud in a mortar to obtain the AC electrode material. Then, the electrode was pressed with stainless steel net under 20MPa. After the AC electrodes being dried at 60°C for 24h, the supercapacitor was fabricated by sandwiching the polymer electrolyte between two AC electrodes.
Characterization.The XRD results of h-BN powders were collected with a Co-Kα radiation (Bruker D8 Discover X-ray diffractometer). The Raman spectra of h-BN powders were collected using 532nm laser (Renishaw inVia). The morphologies of the h-BN nanosheets were characterized by transmission electron microscope (FEI TECNAI-F30) and atomic force microscope(NT-MDT NTEGRA Spectra) in semi-contacting mode under ambient condition. The morphologies of the PVA-H2SO4 GPE and BN-PVA-H2SO4 GPE were characterized by scanning electron microscope (FEI nova nanosem 450). The PVA-H2SO4 GPE and BN-PVA-H2SO4 GPEs were tested with thermal gravimetric analysis (TGA/SDTA851, Switzerland) from 20°C to 600°C at a heating rate of 10°Cmin−1 in N2 gas. The FTIR spectra of h-BN were collected by attenuated total reflection (ATR) technique (Thermo Scientific Nicolet iS50 FT-IR spectrometer).
Electrochemical testing.All electrochemical studies were carried out at room temperature in a button cell using an electrochemical workstation system (Solarton 1470E).
Electrochemical testing.Galvanostatic charge-discharge curves were measured at different current densities in the voltage range of 0 to 1.0V. Cyclic voltammetry (CV) was carried out with a scan rate from 5 to 100mVs−1 in a voltage range of 0 to 1.0V. Electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) was carried out at open circuit potential (OCP) by applying an AC potential with 5mV amplitude in the frequency ranges from 10−1 to 105 Hz. Moreover, cycle life was tested at a current density of 0.5A/g for 5000 cycles.
Preparation of BN nanosheets and BN-PVA-H.Fig. 1 shows the fabrication scheme of the BN-PVA-H2SO4 solution. The h-BN in the deionized water was exfoliated into nanosheets through the ultrasound method. The morphologies of h-BN nanosheets were characterized via TEM and AFM (XRD and Raman characterization of the h-BN were in Fig. S1). The TEM photograph exhibits the planar morphology of the h-BN nanosheets, while the AFM gives the thickness of the h-BN nanosheets was only 1–1.5nm, corresponding to 4–5 layers. Both of them confirm the existence of nanosheets. The photographs of the BN-PVA-H2SO4 solutions with different h-BN contents are displayed in Fig. 1e. With the increase of the h-BN nanosheets, the PVA-H2SO4 solutions change from colorless and transparent to white and opacity. Meanwhile, the whole solution was homogeneous, indicating a good mixing of the h-BN nanosheets with PVA-H2SO4. The FESEM of the composite polymers can also confirm the conclusion (Fig. S2)
Characterization of BN-PVA-H.The ionic conductivity, thermal stability, and mechanical properties of BN-PVA-H2SO4 GPE were investigated, and the results are shown in Fig. 2 . Ionic conductivity is one of the most important characteristics of the electrolyte and can be determined by EIS test through the following equations: (1) σ = d R b × S Where σ (Scm−1) is the ionic conductivity of the electrolyte, d (cm) is the distance between the two stainless steel, S (cm2) is the contace area of the electrolyte and stainless steel during test, all these data were measured several times to get the average value Rb (ohm) is the bulk resistance measured from the EIS curves. According to Eq. (1), the ionic conductivities of the h-BN nanosheets-doped PVA-H2SO4 GPEs with different contents of h-BN nanosheets are calculated and shown in Fig. 2a. Without h-BN nanosheets, the ionic conductivity of the pure PVA-H2SO4 GPE is only 9mScm−1. As for the h-BN nanosheets-doped PVA-H2SO4 GPE, the ionic conductivity of the GPE is increased dramatically with the increase of the content of h-BN nanosheets and reaches the peak value at 0.025mg/ml h-BN (about 29mScm−1). It drops sharply to 1mScm−1 when the amount of h-BN nanosheets is increased to 0.1mg/ml. This may be attributed to the restacking of the h-BN nanosheets and the blocking of the “super-highway” by the excessive h-BN nanosheets. The TGA profiles of BN-PVA-H2SO4 GPE and PVA-H2SO4 GPE from room temperature to 600°C in N2 gas were displayed in Fig. 2b. There seems no obviously different between the GPEs in thermal stability. It may be attributed to the tiny amount of h-BN added into the PVA-H2SO4 GPE. Mechanical properties determine the potential application in bendable devices. As shown in Fig. 2c–d, the h-BN nanosheets-doped PVA-H2SO4 GPE display good mechanical properties. It can be easily bent and twisted without any fracture.
The electrochemical characterization of supercapacitors with 25BN-PVA-H.To further evaluate the electrochemical performances of the supercapacitors composed of the h-BN nanosheets-doped PVA-H2SO4 GPEs, both the electrolytes with 0.025mgml−1 h-BN (named as 25BN-PVA-H2SO4) and without h-BN nanosheets (named as 0BN-PVA-H2SO4) are employed for comparison. In addition, all the electrodes are fabricated using commercialized active carbon (AC) as the active electrode materials.
The electrochemical characterization of supercapacitors with 25BN-PVA-H.The cyclic voltammetry curves of the supercapacitors with 0BN-PVA-H2SO4 GPE and 25BN-PVA-H2SO4 GPE were measured within the potential window from 0 to 1V at various scanning rates and are shown in Fig. 3 a and c. At different scanning rates, all the curves of the supercapacitors with 0BN-PVA-H2SO4 GPE and 25BN-PVA-H2SO4 GPE show a nearly rectangular shape without any redox peak, illustrating a typical electrical double layer behavior. Besides, the area of the CV curve of the supercapacitor with 25BN-PVA-H2SO4 GPE is larger than that of the supercapacitor with 0BN-PVA-H2SO4 GPE at the same scanning rate, indicating a higher capacitance of the supercapacitor with the 25BN-PVA-H2SO4 GPE. This result can also be verified from the following galvanostatic charge-discharge measurements.
The electrochemical characterization of supercapacitors with 25BN-PVA-H.The galvanostatic charge–discharge curves for the supercapacitors with 0BN-PVA-H2SO4 and 25BN-PVA-H2SO4 GPE measured between 0 and 1.0V at various current densities of 0.5, 1, 2, 5Ag−1 are presented in Fig. 3b and Fig. 3d, respectively. The specific capacity of electrode (Cs , Fg−1) can be calculated as follows: (2) C s = 4 × I × Δ t Δ V × m where C s is the specific capacitance of the electrode, I is charge/discharge current, Δ t is the discharge time, Δ V is the potential range, and m denotes the mass of the activated carbon in two electrodes.
The electrochemical characterization of supercapacitors with 25BN-PVA-H.According to Eq. (2), the electrode capacitance of the supercapacitor with 25BN-PVA-H2SO4 GPE is 124.5Fg−1, 23.3% higher than that of the supercapacitors without h-BN nanosheets (101Fg−1) at the current density of 0.5Ag−1. When the current density is at 1, 2, and 5Ag−1, the electrode capacitance of the supercapacitor with 0BN-PVA-H2SO4 is 82, 60, and 20Fg−1, respectively, only 81.2%, 59.4%, and 19.8% of the capacitance at 0.5Ag−1. While the electrode capacitance of the supercapacitor with 25BN-PVA-H2SO4 GPE is 115, 100, and 80Fg−1, respectively, 92.4%, 80.3%, and 64.0% of the capacitance at 0.5Ag−1. The better rate ability of the supercapacitor with 25BN-PVA-H2SO4 GPE is attributed to the increased ionic conductivity by the introduction of h-BN nanosheets in GPE. And this is in agreement with the CV results.
The electrochemical characterization of supercapacitors with 25BN-PVA-H.It is known that the long-term stability is one of the most important factors to consider for the selection of an electrolyte in supercapacitor applications. The cycling stability is carried out with the galvanostatic charge-discharge measurement from 0 to 1V at 0.5Ag−1 for 5000 cycles. As shown in Fig. 3f, the capacitance retention of the supercapacitor with 25BN-PVA-H2SO4 GPE is as high as 99.2% after 5000 cycles with nearly 100% Coulombic efficiency, indicating that the supercapacitor has excellent electrochemical stability. Meanwhile, the supercapacitor with 25BN-PVA-H2SO4 GPE has a higher capacitance (123.5Fg−1) than that of the supercapacitor without h-BN nanosheets (105Fg−1), which indicates that the addition of h-BN nanosheets can naturally improve the capacitance of supercapacitors without any adverse effects on the cycle stability of the supercapacitor.
The role of h-BN in PVA-H.To understand the role of h-BN nanosheets in the PVA-H2SO4 GPE, EIS technique was used to evaluate the kinetic properties of both the two GPEs in the frequency range from 100 mHz − 100kHz. As shown in Fig. 4 , the supercapacitors with both GPEs show an ideal Electric double layer capacitor (EDLC) behavior, with a small depressed semi-circle in the high-frequency area, and a slope at low-frequency end . The first intersection between the curve and Z’ axis denotes the bulk resistance of the supercapacitor. And the diameter of semi-circle means the charge transfer resistance of the electrode. The last slope means the diffusion resistance in the supercapacitor. The supercapacitor with the 0BN-PVA-H2SO4 GPE has a larger charge transfer resistance compared to that of the supercapacitor with 25BN-PVA-H2SO4 GPE, which means the former has a lower ionic conductivity as the electrode materials are the same in both supercapacitors. This corresponds to the improvement of ionic conductivity of the latter in Fig. 2a. The difference in resistance can be explained by the h-BN nanofillers which act as the ionic “highway” in PVA-H2SO4 GPE.
The role of h-BN in PVA-H.As a proton conducting polymer electrolyte, the conducting mechanism of PVA-H2SO4 GPEs is based on the Grotthuss mechanism . That is, the H+ ions transport via hopping between hydrogen bonding. Compare to the PVA-H2SO4 GPEs and BN-PVA-H2SO4 GPEs, the addition of h-BN nanosheets provide additional polar groups to facilitate the H+ ions conduction. Besides, the rigid nanosheets compare to the soft polymer chains could be more efficient by shorting the distance of transports, just act as the role of “highway” , as shown in Fig. 5 a and b. However, high content of BN nanosheets of suffers the same steric barrier effect as graphene oxides, as shown in Fig. 5c, which is mainly caused by the aggregation .
Conclusion.In summary, the h-BN nanosheets doped PVA-H2SO4 GPE has been fabricated and assembled with AC electrodes to construct the sandwich EDLCs. With the dramatical increase in ionic conductivity endowed by the h-BN nanosheets (from 9 to 29mScm−1 at 0.025mgml−1), the EDLC shows excellent electrochemical performances. Contrast to the AC//PVA-H2SO4//AC, the AC//BN-PVA-H2SO4//AC device shows a higher capacitance (124.5Fg−1, 23% increase) and excellent cycle life (0.8% decay after 5000 cycles). These promotions can be attributed to the ionic “super-highway” provided by the h-BN nanosheets. The existence of “super-highway” improves the ionic conductivity and thus leads to the excellent electrochemical performances of the device. These findings show that the h-BN nanosheets-doped GPE appears to be a promising candidate of high-performance quasi-solid-state supercapacitors as well as other electrochemical devices.
Introduction.Creating energy storage devices has fundamental significance for the improvement of electrical vehicles and renewable energy . Over the past several decades, lithium ion batteries (LIBs) have been extensively used in energy storage systems due to their characteristics of high energy density and relatively long cycle life . However, a continuous demand for LIBs in large-scale applications has been greatly hindered by its cost and the limited lithium resource on our earth . Sodium is a proper alternative to lithium owing to its lower price, abundant resource and environmentally friendliness. Therefore, sodium ion batteries (SIBs) are attracting more and more attention in large-scale applications [7–10]. However, compared with lithium ion, sodium ion has a larger ionic radius, making it difficult to design a suitable electrode with a larger interlayer spacing for intercalating and accommodating sodium ions [11–14].
Introduction.Nowadays, carbon material is gradually became a prevailing electrode material for energy storage systems owing to its low cost, excellent physicochemical stability, controllable pore structure, and long cycling life . Unfortunately, because of the relatively low theoretical capacity (372mAhg−1) and poor rate performance, most common graphitic carbons do not meet the requirement for high energy and power LIBs [17–19]. Moreover, many graphitic carbons display a very limited performance or even fail when being tested as electrode materials for SIBs due to the narrow graphitic interlayer spacing, which has been greatly hindered the development of SIBs [5,20,21]. Nevertheless, the exploration of carbon electrodes with outstanding lithium and sodium storage performance remains a big challenge. Over the years, in order to promote the electrochemical performance of carbon electrodes, a variety of new approaches have been made to address these inherent problems, including manufacturing novel nanostructures to shorten the diffusion pathways , providing a high surface area for active sites to enhance charge capacity , and offering a hierarchical porosity to accelerate ion transport . By the synergistic effect of these approaches, the electrochemical property of carbon materials as anodes for LIBs and SIBs can be greatly boosted.
Introduction.Recent results indicate that the electrochemical performance of carbon electrodes can also be effectively improved by heteroatom doping . Noteworthy examples of heteroatom doped carbons include nitrogen-doped porous carbon (a capacity of 785mAhg−1 after 1000 cycles at 5Ag−1 for LIBs) , sulfur-doped mesoporous carbon (a capacity of 579mAhg−1 after 970 cycles at 0.5Ag−1 for LIBs) , nitrogen-doped graphene foams (a capacity of 605mAhg−1 after 150 cycles at 0.5Ag−1 for SIBs) , and sulfur-doped carbon with enlarged interlayer distance (a capacity of 303mAhg−1 after 700 cycles at 0.5Ag−1 for SIBs) . However, most of doped carbons were prepared by post treatment with nitrogen or sulfur-containing gases or powders, and the introduced functional groups are usually unstable during cycling [34–36]. Therefore, the finding of different easy approach for the incorporation of heteroatoms is urgent.
Introduction.In addition to the eminent electrochemical performance of carbon electrodes, the cost, environmental friendliness, and universality of carbon materials are all essential elements that should be considered for large-scale production [37–39]. Recent years, utilizing natural biomass to fabricate carbon electrodes has attracted extensive attention . It has been proved by many successful instances that good performance can be achieved from biosources, such as peat moss , corn stalks , peanut skin , rice husk , horn , and garlic peel . In the present work, we demonstrate that nitrogen, oxygen, and sulfur doped porous carbon with a 3D interconnected architecture, hierarchical porosity and high surface area can be derived from Carrageen through a simple carbonization and activation process. There are two main reasons for choosing algae-Carrageen as the precursor. First, algae-Carrageen is widely distributed in coastal areas , which can be used as an inexpensive precursor to satisfy the requirement for large-scale application. Second, Carrageen is the main algae for the production of Carrageenan, and sulfate group is present in the composition of Carrageenan, which results in the carbons being doped with sulfur. Proteins, fat and thiamine can also be present in Carrageen, which can also introduce the possible nitrogen, oxygen, and sulfur doping [48–52]. The resultant carbon anodes exhibit a high reversible capacity of 839mAhg−1 and 227mAhg−1 for LIBs and SIBs at 0.1Ag−1 after 100 cycles, indicating that they can be used as potential electrode materials for LIBs and SIBs.
Material synthesis.The employed Carrageen precursor in this article was purchased from Rizhao, China. In a typical preparation process, the as-received Carrageen was washed by ethanol and distilled water to remove impurities, and then dried in an oven at 80°C for 6h. After that, 3.0g of dried Carrageen was immersed in 50mL KOH solution (1M, 2M, and 3M) for 24h. After adsorbing enough solution, the Carrageen was directly collected from the solution and dried at 80°C in an oven. The simultaneous carbonization and activation were carried out in a tubular furnace at 700°C with a ramping rate of 3°Cmin−1 for 1h under a nitrogen atmosphere. Finally, the activated samples were washed by 2M HCl and distilled water. The resultant carbon samples were dried at 60°C for 12h. The finally Nitrogen, Oxygen, and Sulfur Doped Carbon Architecture was labeled as NOSDCA-n, where n indicates the used concentration of KOH solution (molL−1). The mass ratio of KOH to Carrageen for NOSDCA-1, NOSDCA-2, and NOSDCA-3 is about 1:10, 2:10, and 3:10. For comparison, 3.0g of dried Carrageen was also heated at 700°C with a heating rate of 3°Cmin−1 for 1h under nitrogen flow without the immersion with KOH solution, and the obtained carbon sample was labeled as NOSDCA-0.
Material characterization.X-ray diffraction (XRD) patterns from 10° to 80° were recorded with a BrukerD8 Advance powder diffractometer using Cu Kα radiation. Scanning electron microscopy (SEM) image was performed using the Hitachi-4800 scanning electron microscope. Transmission electron microscopy (TEM) image was conducted with a JEOL 2010 microscope at 200kV. Nitrogen adsorption and desorption isotherms were performed on a Micromeritics 3 Flex™ surface characterization analyzer at 77K. Raman spectroscopy analysis was performed with a Laser Confocal Micro-Raman Spectroscopy (LabRAM HR800). Furthermore, in order to analyze the chemical composition of the samples, X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) was measured by using Axis Ultra Spectrometer.
Electrochemical evaluation.A slurry was prepared by mixing active material with poly (vinylidenedifluoride) and super P at a weight ratio of 8:1:1 in N-methyl-2-pyrrolidone solvent. The slurry was coated on the copper foil to obtain the electrode. The mass loading of active materials was about 1mgcm−2. After drying at 120°C under vacuum, the coin cells were assembled in the Ar-filled glovebox by using the above prepared carbon electrode as working electrode, lithium metal foil or sodium metal foil as the counter electrode, and polyethene as the separator. 1M Lithium hexafluorophosphate (LiPF6) or sodium perchlorate (NaClO4) in ethylenecarbonate (EC) and dimethylcarbonate (DEC) with a volume ratio of 1:1 was used as the electrolyte. A Land battery measurement system (CT2001A) was used to measure the galvanostatic charge-discharge profiles in the voltage range between 0.01 and 3.0V (vs. Li+/Li or Na+/Na). A CHI 660 workstation was introduced to record the cyclic voltammograms (CV) at a scan rate of 0.1mVs−1 in a voltage window of 0.01-3.0V. A Gamry Interface 1000 workstation was carried out to measure the electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) in the frequency range of 1MHz to10mHz with an AC signal amplitude of 10mV.
Physicochemical characterization.As Fig. 1 illustrated, the dried dendritic Carrageen can adsorb the KOH solution during the impregnation process. The adsorption effect of Carrageen can allow efficient enrichment of KOH inside the cells, which can be converted into KOH/Carrageen composite after drying. Then, a simultaneous carbonization and activation process is performed at 700°C in a nitrogen atmosphere to produce NOSDCAs. During the activation step, the carbon can react with KOH to generate micro/mesoporosity in the final products. The activation process of Carrageen with KOH is followed by 6KOH+2C↔2K+3H2 +2K2CO3, then decomposition of K2CO3 and/or reaction of K/K2CO3/CO2 with carbon . The morphology and structure evolution of NOSDCAs can be evaluated by SEM and TEM analysis. Fig. 2 and Fig. S1 shows the SEM images of NOSDCAs, revealing that NOSDCAs have the sponge-like morphology constituted by interconnected carbon walls. With the increase of KOH loading, the thickness of carbon wall becomes thinner. Owing to the KOH etching, lots of macropores (∼0.2–1μm) can be found on the NOSDCAs. For comparison, the macropores couldn’t be observed in NOSDCA-0 specimen prepared without the addition of KOH. Fig. 3 shows the TEM micrographs for NOSDCA samples, illustrating that the sponge-like structure is composed of carbon nanosheets. Lots of randomly distributed micro/mesopores can be seen on the surface of carbon nanosheets. It can be concluded that NOSDCAs contain interconnected macro-, meso- and micro-porous structures, which can allow full access of the electrolyte to the active surface, reduce the distance of ion transport, and minimize high-rate diffusional losses. TEM images of NOSDCAs (insets of Fig. 3d–f) also exhibit that the carbon structure is mainly amorphous with a partially ordered graphitic domains, which is favorable for offering defects or active sties for ion storage.
Physicochemical characterization.XRD and Raman analysis were performed to identify the structural differences. Fig. 4 a shows the XRD patterns of NOSDCA specimens. There are two characteristic peaks located at around 2θ=23.9-25.3o corresponding to the (002) plane and 2θ=43.4-44.3o corresponding to the (100) plane . The diffraction peaks have a relatively low intensity and broad shape, implying the turbostratic porous carbon structure. Based on the peak position of (002) planes, the interlayer spacing of graphitic layers is increased from 0.359nm to 0.370nm with the increase of KOH loading. The expanded graphitic layer distance can be ascribed to the intercalation effect of potassium compounds during activation. Based on the full width at half-maximum of the (002) diffraction peak, the c-axis length in the graphite lattice for NOSDCA samples can be calculated to be 0.67-0.80nm, indicating that they are consist of 2–3 layer-stacked graphitic sheets surrounded by regions of disorder. In addition, a small peak located at around 2θ=31° can be found in the XRD patterns, which may be attributed to the impurities, such as K2O . Raman analysis was further confirmed the structure of NOSDCA specimens (Fig. 4b and Fig. S2). The NOSDCA samples demonstrate two typical peaks centered at about 1340cm-1 (D-band) and about 1590cm-1 (G-band), which are assigned to disordered graphite carbon and sp2-hybridized carbon . The calculated values of ID/IG are usually performed to evaluate the disorder degree of carbon . The intensity ratio of ID/IG for NOSDCA-0, NOSDCA-1, NOSDCA-2 and NOSDCA-3 is about 2.19, 2.77, 3.27, and 3.89. As generally accepted, KOH activation is inclined to attack the graphitic structure domains in a carbon material, leading to a highly porous but disordered structure. Therefore, the ID/IG values will be improved with the increase of KOH loading, in agreement with the XRD results.
Physicochemical characterization.Nitrogen adsorption-desorption analysis was performed to explore the porosity of NOSDCA specimens. All NOSDCAs showed a type I/IV adsorption-desorption isotherms (Fig. 4c). As distinct from the type I isotherms associated with traditional microporous activated carbons, the sorption curves of NOSDCAs simply that micro-, meso-, and macro-pores are coexistence in NOSDCAs. Table 1 provides details of the physical parameters for the NOSDCA specimens. The Brunauer-Emmett-Teller (BET) specific surface areas for NOSDCA-0, NOSDCA-1, NOSDCA-2, and NOSDCA-3 were calculated to be 435, 925, 928, and 852m2 g−1. Due to the presence of Na or K derivatives in Carrageen, which can play the role of self-activation, porosity is generated without the addition of activating agent for NOSDCA-0. Besides, the pyrolysis of Carrageen and the release of H2O, CO, and CO2 during the carbonization procedure can further develop the porosity. However, the chemical activation is an efficient way to generate pores. The increased surface area for NOSDCAs prepared with the existence of KOH certificates that the KOH activation introduces additional pores. Fig. 4d shows the related pore size distributions gained by density functional theory (DFT) method, which indicates that the size of the majority of pores is larger than 2nm. The high proportion of mesopores and macropores (61.49-74.35%) is beneficial for the ion transportation.
Physicochemical characterization.X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy measurements were conducted to get more explicit information of the surface functional groups. From the XPS survey (Fig. S3), we can see that the NOSDCAs primarily consist of nitrogen, oxygen and sulfur besides carbon without any other heteroatoms. The C 1s peak profiles of NOSDCAs could be fitted into four peaks located at 284.6eV, 285–286eV, 287–288eV, and 290–291eV, which can be ascribed to CC/CC, CO/CN/CS, CO, and OCO (Fig. 5 a and Fig. S4) . The observed peaks related to CN, CO and CS proved that the N, O, and S heteroatoms are firmly bounded into the NOSDCAs framework or attached at the edge, which can contribute to the capacity by surface redox reactions. In the O 1s spectrum, there are three peaks located at 531–532eV, 533eV and 535–536eV, corresponding to CO (OI), COC (O-II), and COOH (O-III) groups (Fig. 5b and Fig. S5) . According to the literatures , surface redox reactions between carbon-oxygen functional groups and lithium/sodium ions can be occurred, resulting in the improvement of storage capacity. Fig. 5c and Fig. S6 show the high-resolution XPS N1s spectra of NOSDCA specimens. The N 1s spectrum of NOSDCA-0 without KOH activation can be divided into two peaks located at about 398eV and 400eV, attributing to the pyridinic nitrogen (N-6) and pyrrolic/pyridine (N-5). After activation, the pyridinic nitrogen (N-6) disappeared, and the N 1s spectrum of NOSDCA samples with KOH activation can be deconvoluted into two peaks located at around 400eV and 401–402eV, representing pyrrolic/pyridine (N-5) and quaternary (N-Q) nitrogen , which will contribute a lot to the capacity and enhance the conductivity of the carbon. This reveals that the pyridinic nitrogen may be changed into quaternary (N-Q) nitrogen, or more likely to eliminate during the activation process . Fig. 5d and Fig. S7 perform the high-resolution XPS S2p spectra of NOSDCA specimens. The S2p spectrum could be split into three peaks located at around 164eV, 165–166eV and 168–169eV. The initial two peaks are corresponding to S2p3/2 and S2p1/2 of the CSC covalent bond as a result of spin–orbit splitting and the last peak represents the different oxidized sulfur species (C-SOx-C, x=2-4) . As previously reported, with the doping of heteroatoms, the interlayer distance of NOSDCAs can be effectively increased, which would be beneficial for ion transportation and charge accumulation . With the hierarchical porous structure, dilated graphitic interlayer and multiple heteroatoms doping, the NOSDCAs derived from algae-Carrageen are expected to be promising electrode materials for both Li-ion and Na-ion batteries.
Electrochemical behavior of NOSDCAs for lithium-ion battery anodes.In order to investigate the electrochemical energy storage behavior of the NOSDCAs as LIB anodes, the electrochemical performance of NOSDCAs was measured by using cyclic voltammetry and galvanostatic discharge/charge analysis in 1M LiPF6 electrolyte. Fig. 6 a and Fig. S8 show the CV profiles of NOSDCAs for the 1st, 2nd and 5th cycles at a scan rate of 0.1mVs−1. From the CV profiles we can observe some weak redox peaks and “boxlike” shape at high potentials (>0.5V) for NOSDCAs synthesized with the addition of KOH, which can be ascribed to the physisorption of lithium ions on the pores, the chemisorption occurred on the functional groups, and the chemisorption on the edge of graphitic layers and defective sites, indicating a capacitive lithium storage behavior . However, there is less obvious capacitive-like behavior occurred at high potentials for NOSDCA-0 due to the lower surface area. Large surface area can guarantee sufficient contact between the active surface and electrolyte, which can boost the supercapacitive capacity. A notable reduction peak at 0.6V can be observed during the first CV profile and vanished in the subsequent scans. This phenomenon can be attributed to the electrolyte decomposition, the formation of a solid electrolyte interphase (SEI) layer, and the irreversible trapping of lithium ions . The CV curves almost overlap after the first cycle, which means that the NOSDCA specimens offer outstanding stability and better reversibility towards lithium storage. Fig. 6b and Fig. S9 show the discharge/charge profiles of NOSDCAs at a current density of 0.1Ag−1. The initial reversible charge capacity is in the range of 907–1426mAhg−1, which is about 2-4 times higher than that of the theoretical value of graphite (372mAhg−1). The initial Coulombic efficiency is 53% for NOSDCA-1, 59% for NOSDCA-2 and 62% for NOSDCA-3.The initial Coulombic efficiency for NOSDCAs is higher than that of previously reported porous nitrogen-doped carbon tubes (50.7%) , nitrogen and sulfur codoped graphene (44.7%) , hierarchical porous nitrogen-doped carbon nanosheets (49.2%) , and cotton derived porous carbon (46.8%) . This relatively high initial Coulombic efficiency can be related with the heteroatom doping (especially sulfur) , which can effectively suppress the electrolyte decomposition and the side reactions occurred on the surface of carbon electrode, leading to the reduction of the irreversible capacity loss to some extent. For the samples prepared with KOH activation, the content of sulfur is increased with the increase of KOH loading, leading to the greatly increased Coulombic efficiency for NOSDCA-3. On the other hand, the increased surface area can promote the formation of SEI layer and thus decrease the initial Coulombic efficiency of carbon-based electrodes. Therefore, NOSDCA-0 with lower surface area exhibits a higher Coulombic efficiency of 65%. After 10 cycles, the Coulombic efficiency increases to 97%, indicating that NOSDCAs have an excellent reaction reversibility and good structural stability. In addition, in order to confirm the reaction of sulfur with lithium ions, high-resolution XPS characterization of S2p at the fully discharged and charged states was performed on Fig. S10. At the fully discharged state, the S2p3/2 and S2p1/2 peaks obviously shifted to lower values of 162.4 and 163.7eV, suggesting a lower oxidation state of sulfur atoms, which may be ascribed to the strong interaction between lithium and sulfur atoms. When charged to 3.0V, the S2p3/2 and S2p1/2 peaks changed to 162.5 and 163.7eV. However, there is no obvious plateau can be observed in the charging and discharging curves, and this observation may suggest that the capacity contribution from sulfur element in the electrodes is limited.
Electrochemical behavior of NOSDCAs for lithium-ion battery anodes.The rate performance of NOSDCAs is illustrated in Fig. 6c, which was tested at different current densities from 0.1 to 10Ag−1. The reversible capacity is 356, 558, 642, and 725mAhg−1 at 0.2Ag−1 for NOSDCA-0, NOSDCA-1, NOSDCA-2, and NOSDCA-3, while the capacity is 208, 362, 399, and 484mAhg−1 for NOSDCA-0, NOSDCA-1, NOSDCA-2, NOSDCA-3 at 1Ag−1. NOSDCA-3 exhibits the best electrochemical performance among all the samples. Even at a high current of 10Ag−1, NOSDCA-3 still show a high capacity of 228mAhg−1. Remarkably, as the current density recovers to 0.1Ag−1, the discharge capacity still can return to 400, 702, 774, and 952mAhg−1 for NOSDCA-0, NOSDCA-1, NOSDCA-2 and NOSDCA-3, suggesting a good reversibility. In addition to its excellent rate performance, the cycling performance of NOSDCAs was also evaluated. Fig. S11 and Fig. 6d exhibits the cycling stability of NOSDCA electrodes at 0.1Ag−1 and 1Ag−1. It can be clearly seen that the reversible capacity of NOSDCA-3 electrode can be stabilized at 839mAhg−1 at the current density of 0.1Ag−1 after 100 cycles, indicating an excellent cycling stability. At a high current density of 1Ag−1, the capacity reduced from 1317 to 528mAhg−1 for NOSDCA-3 for the initial 50 cycles, and then the electrode keeps a basically stable capacity up to 500 cycles. The capacity fading during the first few cycles can be attributed to the continuous trapping of lithium ions and the re-formation of thick SEI layer. After 500 cycles, a capacity of ∼488mAhg−1 is still maintained for NOSDCA-3. The Coulombic efficiency of NOSDCA-3 rises to above 99% after 50 cycles, and maintains 99-100% in the subsequent cycles.
Electrochemical behavior of NOSDCAs for lithium-ion battery anodes.To further understand the excellent electrochemical performance of NOSDCAs, the electrochemical impedance spectra of NOSDCA-3 electrode were tested and illustrated in Fig. 6e. The values of Re means the ohmic resistances derived from the electrode and the electrolyte, and the values of Rct + Rf represent the resistance, which comes from the charge transfer resistance at SEI/electrolyte interface and the resistance of lithium transport through SEI layer (Fig. S12) . The Rct + Rf derived from the equivalent circuits are 28.3Ω after 500 cycles for NOSDCA-3, which is much smaller than the Rct before cycling (39.3Ω). This result confirms a high speed of lithium ion transfer across the SEI layer and the interface of SEI/electrode. At the same time, due to the SEI growth and material disintegration, the value of Re increases from 3.9Ω to 17.46Ω after 500 cycles, which can explain the capacity fading during the first few cycles.
Electrochemical behavior of NOSDCAs for lithium-ion battery anodes.As seen from Table S1 and Fig. 6f, the electrochemical performance of NOSDCAs is superior or comparable to previously reported nitrogen-doped carbons , N, S co-doped carbons , and undoped carbons [66,73,74]. These results suggest that NOSDCAs can be used as promising lithium ion battery anodes, which can be ascribed to the simultaneously synergistic effects of a sponge-like interconnected structure with hierarchical porosity, high specific surface area, and rich heteroatom doping. First, the hierarchical porosity and interconnected structure in the carbons can not only keep the large contact area between electrode and electrolyte, but also shorten the ion-transport length, attracting lithium ions in the pores and providing a fast ion diffusion pathway. Second, NOSDCAs with high surface area can accommodate the strain during the charge and discharge procedure to greatly enhance the rate performance. Third, the nitrogen, oxygen, and sulfur doping can contribute to the capacity by surface redox reactions. The extrinsic disorders introduced by heteroatom doping can also create a large amount of defects, providing extra active sites for Li storage. Therefore, lithium ions can be effectively stored in the graphitic interlayers, surface, and pores.
Electrochemical behavior of NOSDCAs for sodium-ion battery anodes.The sodium ion storage mechanism in carbon materials is similar to that of lithium ion storage. Due to the larger size of Na+, to expand the interlayer distance of carbon electrodes is necessary for facilitating the ion insertion and extraction. The distance of graphitic interlayers for NOSDCAs is in the range of 0.359-0.370nm, which is favorable for sodium ion storage. Fig. 7 a and Fig. S13 display the CV curves of NOSDCAs samples tested in the range of 0.01-3.0V vs Na/Na+ at a scan rate of 0.1mVs−1 . From the CV curves, a pair of redox peaks in the lower potential (near 0V) can be seen, indicating the insertion and extraction of sodium-ion in the interlayer of NOSDCA samples . During the first CV cycle, a distinct peak below 0.8V was observed, which disappears for the subsequent cycles, indicating the electrolyte decomposition and the formation of the SEI layer . For the following cycles, there is a reduction peak at ∼1.1V and a corresponding oxidation peak at ∼1.8V, reflecting the reaction between sodium ion and sulfur functional groups . It is clear that NOSDCA-3 exhibits the most obvious redox peaks at 1.1/1.8V, in agreement with the highest sulfur content in NOSDCA-3. Otherwise, other weak redox peaks and the “boxlike” shape of CV curves in a wide potential window, evidencing the sodium ion storage in pores, and sodium ion binding with nitrogen/oxygen functional groups and/or defective sites . Similarly, NOSDCA-0 with smaller surface area exhibits less obvious capacitive behavior. In addition, the CV curves of the second and fifth cycles tend to overlap, which implies that the NOSDCA samples provide excellent stability and good reversibility towards sodium storage.
Electrochemical behavior of NOSDCAs for sodium-ion battery anodes.The sodium ion storage properties of NOSDCAs were also evacuated by using galvanostatic discharge-charge technique. The galvanostatic discharge/charge curves for NOSDCAs sample tested at a current rate of 0.1Ag−1 are shown in Fig. 7b and Fig. S14. The NOSDCA-1, NOSDCA-2 and NOSDCA-3 electrodes reveal an initial discharge/charge capacities of 1253/244, 1107/293, and 1030/337mAhg−1 , displaying an initial Coulombic efficiency of 19.5%, 26.5%, and 32.7%. The large irreversible capacity loss can be ascribed to the formation of SEI film and the irreversible trapping of Na+ during the charge and discharge process, coinciding with the CV observations. The low initial coulombic efficiency is a common phenomenon for high-surface-area carbon materials . Similarly, NOSDCA-0 with lower surface area has a relatively higher initial Coulombic efficiency (29%). Based on the result that sulfur doping can enhance the initial coulombic efficiency in lithium ion batteries , we suppose that such effect can also present in sodium ion batteries. For sodium storage, the effect of sulfur is more important in reducing the irreversible sodium ion storage capacity, and NOSDCA-3 with the highest sulfur content exhibits the best initial Coulombic efficiency. The conspicuous sloping plateaus centered at ∼1.75V in the charging process for NOSDCA-3 further confirms the capacity caused by the sulfur doping. In order to prove the reaction of sulfur with sodium ions, XPS analysis of sulfur element at the fully discharged and charged conditions was carried out (as shown in Fig. S15). At the fully discharged condition, the S2p3/2 and S2p1/2 peaks changed to lower values of 162.2 and 163.8eV, indicating a relatively lower oxidation condition for sulfur atoms, which can be mainly attributed to the strong interaction between sodium and sulfur atoms. When tested at the fully charged condition, the S2p3/2 and S2p1/2 peaks shift positively to 162.3 and 163.8eV. There is almost no change in the binding energy of S2p peaks, indicating no fracture of tight C-S-C bonds [78–80]. After 10 cycles at 0.1Ag−1, a high reversible capacity of 280mAhg−1 can still be maintained for NOSDCA-3 specimen.
Electrochemical behavior of NOSDCAs for sodium-ion battery anodes.Furthermore, the rate performance of NOSDCA samples is performed in Fig. 7c.The NOSDCA samples were measured at various current densities from 0.1 to 10Ag−1 each for 10 cycles. The reversible capacities of 248, 207, 185, 158, 128, and 109mAhg−1 were achieved at 0.2, 0.5, 1, 2, 5, and 10Ag−1 for NOSDCA-3. For comparison, NOSDCA-0 only displayed a capacity of 104, 76, 59, 45, 35, and 33mAhg−1 at 0.2, 0.5, 1, 2, 5, and 10Ag−1. The high capacity and excellent rate capability obtained by NOSDCA-3 can be attributed to its higher surface area and higher sulfur doping. Remarkably, the high capacity of 109mAhg−1 achieved at 10Ag−1 is superior to previously reported nitrogen-doped carbons , N, O co-doped carbons , and undoped carbon materials . Noticeably, when the current density switched back to 0.1Ag−1, the specific capacity can still be recovered to 225mAhg−1 for NOSDCA-3. To the best of our knowledge, the electrochemical performance of NOSDCAs is competitive with fluorine-doped carbons , nitrogen-doped carbons [11,46,81], and N, S co-doped carbons  (Table S2, Fig. 7f).
Electrochemical behavior of NOSDCAs for sodium-ion battery anodes.The cycling performance of NOSDCAs at a current density of 0.1Ag−1 and 1Ag−1 are performed in Fig. S16 and Fig. 7d. At the current density of 0.1Ag−1, a reversible capacity of 227mAhg−1 can be obtained after 100 cycles for NOSDCA-3, implying a good cyclability. At a high current density of 1Ag−1, a large irreversible capacity loss was observed during the initial 30 cycles, and this decrease can be attributed to the formation of an SEI film and the irreversible insertion of sodium ion. After initial capacity fading, NOSDCAs could deliver a reversible capacity of 81–157mAhg−1 after 500 cycles with a Coulombic efficiency of 99-100%, indicating an outstanding cycling stability. In order to gain a better understanding of the excellent electrochemical property for NOSDCAs, the EIS analysis of NOSDCA-3 electrode was performed in Fig. 7e and Fig. S12. The Rct + Rf derived from the equivalent circuits after 500 cycles (91.7Ω) are smaller than the Rct before cycling (98.9Ω), which indicates a high speed of sodium ion transfer across the SEI layer and the interface of SEI/electrode. Meanwhile, due to the SEI growth and material disintegration, the value of Re also increases from 6.96Ω to 11.12Ω after 500 cycles.
Electrochemical behavior of NOSDCAs for sodium-ion battery anodes.The outstanding electrochemical performance of NOSDCA anodes for NIBs is the result of the synergistic effect of heteroatom doping, dilated graphitic interlayer, and hierarchical porosity. The heteroatom doping of nitrogen, oxygen and sulfur can tune the physicochemical properties of carbon materials, and provide active sites for redox reactions, leading to improved reversible capacity. Benefiting from the large interlayer distance, the sodium ion can be easily inserted and extracted. Moreover, the hierarchical porosity provides abundant channels for ion transportation, and the high surface area ensures enough ion storage by physisorption. The present work also indicates that heteroatom doping (especially sulfur) can increase the initial Coulombic efficiency, partially offsetting the negative effect of the high-surface-area characteristic. It is noteworthy that the larger size and different bonding characteristics of sodium ions can influence the thermodynamic and/or kinetic properties of sodium-ion batteries , and the specific capacity of the same carbon tested in sodium ion batteries is only about one third of that in lithium ion batteries [13,85,86].
Conclusions.In summary, nitrogen, oxygen and sulfur doped porous carbons have been successfully synthesized from natural biomass algae-Carrageen and utilized as anodes for LIBs and SIBs. Benefiting from the sponge-like interconnected porous architecture, the high surface area (852–925m2 g−1), the expanded interlayer distance (0.359-0.370nm), and the high nitrogen (1.18-2.77 at%), oxygen (5.04-7.95 at%) and sulfur (1.28-4.79 at%) doping, the as-obtained NOSDCAs display outstanding features for energy storage systems. The application of NOSDCAs as LIBs anodes exhibits a reversible capacity of 839mAhg−1 at 0.1Ag−1 after 100 cycles with a high initial Coulombic efficiency of 62%. When tested as SIBs anodes, NOSDCAs displays a high specific capacity of 227mAhg−1 at 0.1Ag−1 after 100 cycles, and an excellent rate capability with 109mAhg−1 at a high current density of 10Ag−1. These promising electrochemical performance indicate that the algae-Carrageen derived carbon architectures are applicable for LIBs and SIBs applications. It is worth to point out that the voltage hysteresis between charging and discharging curves is still large, the capacity fading during the initial several cycles is still high, and the initial coulombic efficiency is still relatively low, which can hinder the practical application of carbon electrodes. To improve these limitations, this works suggest that the designing of doped carbon is an efficient pathway to achieve top-performance energy storage devices for future application.
Introduction.CdS thin films have been intended for various applications such as photocatalytic devices , sensors , light-emitting diodes  or solar cells (SC)  due to unique electrical and optical properties. Low-cost chemical methods such as chemical bath deposition (CBD) , electrodeposition (ED)  and chemical spray pyrolysis  are usually applied for the CdS synthesis. The most efficient SC structures with a CdS buffer layer are based on CdTe , CZTS , CIGS  absorbers with laboratory efficiencies of 21.5%, 12.6%, 21.7%, respectively. Nowadays, the industry of the CIGS and CZTS SCs uses mainly the CBD CdS buffer , however, ED was also shown to be an effective method for CdS in a large-scale production . Interest towards the ED method was brought back by the possibility to fabricate self-assembled nanostructures  with a high level of material utilization.
Introduction.A general problem of the electrodeposited films is a deviation from stoichiometry, and required post-deposition thermal treatment of amorphous films. Improvement of the ED process can be achieved by changing external, electrical and solution variables of a system . Yamaguchi et al. showed that too high cathodic potential over −0.75V (SCE) increases deposition of metallic Cd, thus leading to the CdS and metallic Cd mixed phase formation . Using of a deposition potential value lower than Cd reduction potential helps to achieve desired composition and crystalline structure. Decrease of pH from 4.6 to 1.6 accelerated the film growth due to the improved cathodic current of a proton reduction without disordering of the crystalline structure . Another possibility is to use complexing agents such as trisodium citrate, ethylenediamine tetraacetic acid (Edta), or tartaric acid in the solution, which shift the reduction potential and, hence, help to control the elemental composition, morphology, crystalline structure and electrical properties of deposits [15–17]. The use of a microadditive such as selenous acid (H2SeO3) was previously shown for the ED of metals and metal alloys , as it shifts the reduction potential, influences the polarization of the electrode, affecting the current efficiency and energy consumption of the ED process. In a previous work  we showed that addition of 0.05mM of H2SeO3 promotes growth of nearly stoichiometric CdS films with improved coverage, and found appropriate pH of 3.5 and temperature of 50°C for the ED.
Introduction.In this work we prepare CdS films by the ED at fixed pH and temperature in order to study the CdS formation steps in the presence of H2SeO3 microadditive. In addition, we investigate structural and electrical properties of ED films and compare to CBD CdS films. Also we highlight advantageous effect of using H2SeO3 microadditive and report its optimal concentration.
Experimental.Electrochemical and photoelectrochemical (PEC) experiments were performed using a potentiostat Voltalab PGZ100 in a conventional three-electrode cell with an ITO/glass or CdS/ITO/glass working electrode (WE), a platinum-wire counter electrode and a reference electrode.
Experimental.CdS thin films were electrodeposited potentiostatically on ITO/glass substrates (15Ω sq−1). An aqueous working solution contained reagent grade 0.01M CdCl2 (99.0%, Alfa-Aesar), 0.02M Na2Edta (Sigma-Aldrich), 0.05M Na2S2O3 (Na2S2O3·5H2O, >99.0%, Alfa-Aesar), and 0–10−4 M H2SeO3 (from SeO2, 99.4%, Alfa-Aesar) microadditive. In comparison to our previous work  we used lower H2SeO3 concentrations as the deposition time was increased up to 1.5h. The ED was carried out at −1.2V vs. merсury-mercurous sulfate (Hg/Hg2SO4/SO4 2−) reference electrode (-0.8V, Hg/Hg2Cl2/Cl− (SCE)) at 50°C and the pH 3.5 adjusted by 0.1M HCl. The behavior of electrochemical systems was studied stepwise by cyclic voltammetry (CV) in order to understand the CdS formation steps in the presence of H2SeO3. The CV experiments were held at the same conditions as for the ED on the ITO/glass WE in the potential range from −0.2V to −1V and from 0.6V to −1V vs. SCE scanning to the negative direction at the scan rate of 20mVs−1. In order to remove secondary phases ED CdS films were annealed in vacuum (10−5 Pa) at 120°C for 1h.
Experimental.We compared our ED CdS films with CBD CdS films, as the industry of CIGS and CZTS SCs uses CdS buffer layers deposited mainly by CBD . CBD CdS thin films were obtained at 85°C and the pH 9.5 on ITO/glass substrates (15Ω sq−1) . The thickness of CBD CdS thin film is in the range of 40–60nm.
Experimental.PEC measurements were performed as a comparative qualitative study of as-electrodeposited CdS/ITO/glass electrodes in aqueous background electrolyte of 0.1M Na2SO4 (pH 7) under chopped white light illumination of 100mWcm−2 under linearly increasing bias (from −0.5V to +0.5V). Morphology and thickness of the CdS films were characterized by high-resolution scanning electron microscopy (HR-SEM, Zeiss Merlin). Elemental composition of the CdS films was determined by energy-dispersive full range X-ray microanalysis (EDX) system (Bruker Xflash6/30 detector) at an operating voltage of 7kV. Quantification of EDX results was performed by means of interactive PB-ZAF standard less mode. X-ray diffraction (Rigaku Ultima IV diffractometer with Cu-Kα radiation) was applied to analyze phase composition and crystalline structure of the deposited films. Surface potential and photoresponse of the obtained layers were measured by means of Kelvin probe (KP) method (KP Technology Scanning Kelvin Probe system 5050 equipped with a red laser of 5mWcm−2 light beam intensity) with the method error of ±5mV.
Cyclic voltammetry study of initial electrochemical system.An initial electrochemical system for the CdS formation on the ITO/glass substrate in the acidic aqueous electrolyte was studied by the CV (Fig. 1 ). For a blank solution (0.02M Na2Edta) two cathodic processes labeled as C1 and C2 starting at ca. −0.57V were detected (Fig. 1a). The C1 slope can be described as an adsorption of the protonated Edta anions  on the surface of ITO. This slope is observed for all the solutions containing Na2Edta, and for other electrochemical systems is labeled as C1' and C1” (Fig. 1b, d). The cathodic peak C2 with onset at −0.83V appears due to the reduction of ITO by the following reaction: (1) In2O3 +6H+ +6e− →2In+3H2O (E°=−0.561V, SCE at 50°C)
Cyclic voltammetry study of initial electrochemical system.At the reverse scan peaks A1 and A2 with onsets at ca. −0.91V and ca. −0.76V corresponding to the oxidation reactions of In to In+ and In3+. The A3 peak may be attributed to the reactions of desorption of protonated Edta from ITO.
Cyclic voltammetry study of initial electrochemical system.Fig. 1b shows the electrochemical behavior of the system with addition of 0.01M CdCl2 into the blank solution. The C2' cathodic peak indicates the reduction of Cd ions to Cd0 (reaction 2) and concurrent with the reduction peak of ITO. The A4 anodic peak corresponds to the oxidation of Cd reduced on the surface of ITO and is close to the oxidation A1 peak of In0. The potential value of the Cd reduction is shifted towards a more negative region due to the presence of Edta in the solution. (2) Cd2+ +2e− →Cd0 (E°=−0.623V, SCE at 50°C)
Cyclic voltammetry study of initial electrochemical system.An electrochemical behavior of the system containing 0.05M Na2S2O3 is shown in Fig. 1c. According to Zarebska et. al  S2O3 2− anions disproportionate by the reaction (3) to S and sulfite anions. Under cathodic polarization products of the disproportionation reaction could be reduced to S0 (reaction 4), and finally to H2S (reaction 5). (3) S2O3 2− →S0 +SO3 2− (4) SO3 2− +6H+ +4e− →S0 +3H2O (E°=0.206V, SCE at 50°C) (5) S0 +2H+ +2e− →H2Sads (E°=−0.082V, SCE at 50°C)
Cyclic voltammetry study of initial electrochemical system.The peak of the reduction of SO3 2− (reaction 4) was not detected at positive potentials during the cathodic sweep (Fig. 1c), due to slow rate of the reaction, and additional passivation of the cathode by the formed insulating S layer. The C3 slope with onset at −0.48V corresponds to the reduction of S to H2S on the surface of the electrode (reaction 5). Considering the presence of elemental sulfur in the solution formation of polysulfide anions may take place (reaction 6). Thus, the peak C3 may also indicate chemisorption of polysulfide anions to ITO, which may cause passivation represented by the decrease of the current density at −0.67V . (6) nS0 +2e− →Sn 2−
Cyclic voltammetry study of initial electrochemical system.The oxidation of S (reaction 7) may be responsible for the anodic peak A5 with onset at 0.27V. Further, the same peak labeled as A5' arises for the solution containing CdCl2, Na2S2O3, Na2Edta (Fig. 1d). (7) S0 +4H2O→SO4 2− +8H+ +6e− (E°=0.102V, SCE at 50°C)
Cyclic voltammetry study of initial electrochemical system.Cathodic processes of the solution containing 0.01M CdCl2, 0.05M Na2S2O3, 0.02M Na2Edta are depicted in Fig. 1d. The C1” slope in the range of 0.66–0.86V is attributed to the adsorption of H2S (reaction 5). A chemical reaction between Cd cations and H2S results in the CdS formation (reaction 8). Onset of the reduction of Cd2+ is at −0.86V and labeled as C2' (reaction 2), further increase in the current density may be explained by the hydrogen reduction. (8) H2Sads +Cd2+ →CdS+2H+
Cyclic voltammetry study of initial electrochemical system.The anodic peak A6 with onset at 0.28V indicates oxidation of S and may be attributed to the oxidative dissolution of CdS by the following reaction: (9) CdS→S0 +Cd2+ +2e− (E°=0.296V, SCE at 50°C)
Study of CdS formation in the presence of H.When micromolar concentration of H2SeO3 is involved into the deposition process of CdS the electrochemical formation seems to occur differently (Fig. 2 ). In acidic medium Se0 appears as a product of the H2SeO3 reduction by the following reaction: (10) H2SeO3 +4H+ +4e− →Se0 +3H2O (E°=0.481V, SCE at 50°C)
Study of CdS formation in the presence of H.Then elemental Se reduces to H2Se on the surface of ITO (reaction 11) under a cathodic potential . (11) Se0 +2H+ +2e− →H2Se (E°=−0.623V, SCE at 50°C)
Study of CdS formation in the presence of H.With addition of H2SeO3 the C3 peak is shifted (Fig. 2) towards lower potentials due to additional Se reduction reaction. The shifted peak labeled as C3' was identified at −0.66V and −0.69V for the films deposited with addition of 0.01mM and 0.1mM of H2SeO3, respectively, and is attributed to the simultaneous reduction of S (reaction 5) and Se (reaction 11) as well as chemisorption of polysulfide anions (reaction 6). The decrease of a valley following the C3' peak indicates deposition of a more conductive film. The onset of C1” shifts from −0.65V to −0.67V and −0.72V with addition of 10−5 M and 10−4 M of H2SeO3, respectively. This shift indicates a higher rate of CdS formation (reaction 8), which is represented by the decrease of the current density, and indicates more organized thin film formation. With addition of H2SeO3 into the working solution the slope C2', which is attributed to the reduction of Cd2+, shifts to more negative potential values, and a new peak A7 appears, corresponding to the reduction of Se phases.
Study of CdS formation in the presence of H.A crossover of the cathodic and anodic branches of the CV appearing at about −0.89V (Fig. 2) is typical to nucleation and surface phase formed on the electrode in the solution containing H2SeO3 .
Study of CdS formation in the presence of H.On the basis of the CV study of the electrochemical systems discussed in Sections 3.1 and 3.2. as well as thermodynamic analysis of the reactions we propose an order of steps in the CdS electrochemical formation (Fig. 3 ). Fig. 3a shows a schematic representation of steps in the CdS thin film formation without H2SeO3. Firstly, S2O3 2− reduction (reaction 4) occurs on the surface of the ITO/glass substrate, which is followed by the S nuclei formation. This part of the process is slow as it requires 4 electrons to proceed, and defines the further CdS thin film formation. Gaining electrons S reduces (reaction 5) to H2S adsorbed to the surface of the cathode. H2S rapidly reacts with Cd2+ (reaction 8), and CdS forms. Fig. 3b shows the steps in electrochemical CdS formation in the presence of H2SeO3. A more positive reduction potential of Se and more negative Gibbs free energy (ΔG) of the reaction promote its faster electrochemical reduction (reaction 10) which initiates Se nucleation prior to S nucleation. The growth of Se nuclei is limited due to low diffusion rate of H2SeO3 to the WE, although the reduction reaction of S2O3 2− may occur on the surface of Se nucleus. In this case the reactions taking place on the cathode occur faster due to higher electrical conductivity of Se in comparison to S. The reactions of Se (reaction 10), S (reaction 4), H2S (reaction 5) and CdS (8) formation are spontaneous (ΔG<0), but the reaction of H2SeO3 reduction (10) occurs first as it is characterized by the most negative ΔG value. Se itself may also reduce to H2Se according to the reaction 11 and overcome into the liquid form. Although this reaction (reaction 11) is endergonic, it will take place under the applied potential of −0.8V vs. SCE which is much higher than the standard reduction potential. Although, there is a theoretical probability of the CdSe formation on the surface of the WE none of our previous results  neither Raman nor XRD confirmed this phase presence in the CdS films in the range of sensitivity of these methods. Se species may provide a higher number of more conductive nucleation centers and, therefore, contribute to a faster formation of the CdS thin film with improved surface coverage.
Study of CdS formation in the presence of H.In situ monitoring of the current density during the potentiostatic ED provides further analysis of the CdS thin film growth, and confirms the influence of the H2SeO3 on the process (Fig. 4 ). The first 4–8s is an induction time corresponding to the incubation time for nucleation, and no dependence on the concentration of H2SeO3 in the solution is observed (Fig. 4-inset) . However, further stages of the film growth are H2SeO3 dependent. Noteworthy that a number of nuclei may increase with time that agrees with a heterogeneous precipitation process present in the reduction-precipitation mechanism . As the electrical conductivity of CdS (10−8 Ω−1 sq−1) is much lower than of ITO, further steps of the film growth may be indicated by the decrease of the current density. In the case of CdS electrodeposited from Se-free solution the deposition curve represents a descending monotonous slope with the increasing current density, which indicates a steady-state growth. The shape of the transient in the Se-free solution may be attributed to the growth of islands instead of a continuous film . Addition of 10−5 M and 5*10−5 M of H2SeO3 changes the transients’ shape, which suggests increased amount of nucleation centres with time and further growth of a more compact CdS film. Addition of maximal concentration of 10−4 M H2SeO3 intensifies the growth of the CdS thin film (Fig. 4).
Study of CdS formation in the presence of H.The growth of the CdS thin film can be divided into several stages (Fig. 5 ) considering previous discussion of the ED transients. When no H2SeO3 is added into the working solution, there are two main stages: S nuclei formation and slow growth of CdS islands. Inclusion of H2SeO3 into the process generates additional stages and makes the process of CdS formation more complex. In this case the initial stage is Se nuclei formation is followed by the adsorption of S on the surface of the cathode. Further, adsorbed S takes part in the growth of CdS islands. In addition, a secondary nucleation of Se may allow to achieve a continuous CdS thin film. It seems that at optimal H2SeO3 concentration a uniform, compact and well organized CdS thin film will form.
Characterization of electrodeposited CdS thin films.The morphology of the electrodeposited CdS films is influenced by the H2SeO3 concentration (Fig. 6 ). CdS thin film deposited without H2SeO3 represents a nonuniform layer with an incontinuous island structure (Fig. 6a, d). The average island height is ca. 200nm, and diameter is in the range of 200–300nm. One can also observe a thin intermediate layer of several nanometres on the surface of ITO between islands (Fig. 6d). Addition of 5*10−5 M of H2SeO3 into the solution promotes formation of a continuous uniform polycrystalline CdS film with a thickness of ca. 103nm, however some pinholes are observed. Such a changed microstructure of the CdS thin film confirms the impact of H2SeO3 on the ED of CdS (Fig. 3). Higher concentration of 10−4 M of H2SeO3 involved into the ED process leads to the decrease of the thickness to ca. 64nm due to decrease of the islands size. In addition, there are some adherent secondary particles (marked with circles) on the surface of this film (Fig. 6c). Higher concentration of H2SeO3 contributes to the films thinning and improved coverage of the substrate.
Characterization of electrodeposited CdS thin films.In order to clarify the elemental composition of the CdS films and the adherent particles the EDX analysis was applied. Firstly, the increase of H2SeO3 concentration in the working solution shifts stoichiometry of as-deposited CdS (Table 1 ). Secondly, Se inclusion of 1.3 at.% and 4.7 at.% was detected in the CdS films deposited at 5*10−5 M and 10−4 M of H2SeO3, respectively. The latter concentration of H2SeO3 in the solution led to the formation of Se-rich particles on the CdS surface (Fig. 6c). The detected Se seems to be a surface contamination, as it was easily removed by the vacuum treatment (Table 1). However, 1 at.% of Se remained in the treated CdS film deposited at 10−4 M of H2SeO3. It seems that the applied vacuum treatment at 120°C for 1h is not sufficient for a complete removal of 4.7 at.% of Se.
Characterization of electrodeposited CdS thin films.The presence of Se in the as-deposited CdS films synthesized with H2SeO3 was confirmed also by the XRD analysis. CdS films obtained from the Se-free solution exhibit hexagonal and cubic structure corresponding to (100), (002), (101) (Fig. 7 b-inset) and (311) (Fig. 7b) planes, respectively , similarly to our previous results . Other CdS peaks are suppressed by the ITO peaks that indicates poor coverage of the substrate. Addition of 0.05mM of H2SeO3 into the solution promotes growth of CdS hexagonal crystalline structure with (002) and (004) planes . This change can be caused by nucleation initiating Se identified at 24.0° exhibiting hexagonal structure with a (100) plane (Fig. 7a-inset) . The improved intensity of the (002) CdS peak (Fig. 7a) indicates a better signal collected due to improved coverage of the CdS film deposited with the Se-containing microadditive which modified the growth in terms of surface and interface energy (Section 3.2.). Due to improved ordering of the structure the thickness of the CdS films decreases (Fig. 6e, f) with a higher concentration of H2SeO3 that is in agreement with our previous results . Concentration of 5*10−5 M of H2SeO3 seems to be optimal for the ED of CdS with improved coverage and stable hexagonal structure.
Characterization of electrodeposited CdS thin films.PEC measurements of CdS were carried out in 0.1M Na2SO4 background solution at the pH 7 (Fig. 8 ). Photocurrent was observed for all the analyzed CdS films as a result of semiconductor photodecomposition with participation of minority charge carriers (holes) generated in the CdS films indicating an n-type photoconducting behavior . CdS films electrodeposited in the presence of H2SeO3 show improved PEC performance similar to CBD CdS and may be explained by the differences caused by the microadditive in the structural, morphological, compositional properties of the films. Also enhanced photocurrent densities indicate the delay of the electron-hole pair recombination .
Characterization of electrodeposited CdS thin films.With addition of H2SeO3 the surface potential of CdS in dark increases from ca. −0.34V to ca. −0.53V, which is comparable to the value of stoichiometric CBD CdS (Fig. 9 ). This increase may be caused by incorporation of Se atoms into the surface (Table 1) causing the shift of the Fermi level. The photoresponse of CdS deposited with H2SeO3 appears due to trapped Se which is photosensitive under red light  or imperfect stoichiometry of the films. The photoresponse of ED CdS without Se may appear due to secondary phases present in the film.
Conclusions.This study showed that inclusion of the H2SeO3 microadditive into the electrochemical system has impact on the CdS ED process and modifies the growth of a film. The CdS thin film deposited without H2SeO3 represents a nonuniform layer with an island structure, whereas continuous and uniform films were obtained with addition of H2SeO3. Using 5*10−5 M H2SeO3 in the working solution causes formation of a more stable hexagonal CdS instead of the mixed-phase structure. Micromolar concentration of H2SeO3 in the solution is beneficial as it allows simultaneously improve the coverage and decrease the thickness of the CdS film during the ED. In addition, CdS films electrodeposited in the presence of H2SeO3 have enhanced PEC performance.
Conclusions.Secondary phases of Se not exceeding 4.7 at.% can be easily removed by vacuum treatment at 120°C. The H2SeO3 concentration of 5*10−5 M seems to be the optimal one for the ED of a continuous and compact CdS thin films at lower deposition temperature of 50°C.
Introduction.Electrochromic (EC) materials are characterized by properties that can be tuned, persistently and reversibly, through the application of electrical current or voltage [1, 2]. These materials, and their associated device technologies, are rapidly evolving especially with regard to implementation in windows and glass facades—jointly known as glazing—for energy-efficient buildings with good indoor comfort. This paper outlines the state-of-the-art for oxide-based electrochromics and points at some recent advances and possible future developments.
Introduction.Environmental challenges provide a driving force for many of today's (2017) studies of EC materials. Underlying these challenges is the fact that human actions lead to the injection of about 10 billion tonnes of carbon into the atmosphere per year  some half of which ends up in the air. It is therefore to be expected that the carbon dioxide content of the Earth's atmosphere is rising swiftly; this content was ∼315 ppm in the late 1950s and currently exceeds ∼400 ppm . The increased amount of CO2 originates from energy production—mostly the burning of coal, oil and gas—and is generally believed to affect life on Earth and yield global warming and rising sea levels . There are also numerous secondary and harmful effects of climate change related to socio-economic effects and enhanced risk for violent conflict [6, 7], health issues , and alterations of the biosphere [9, 10] and geosphere . Furthermore, it should be emphasized that the global population is rising and forecast to be 50% larger in 2100 than today , and this population is increasingly located in mega-cities which act as “urban heat islands” with temperatures several degrees higher of those in the neighboring countryside .
Introduction.The energy–population nexus makes it patently clear that the Earth's energy production must be decarbonized, which stresses the importance of better buildings. In fact, today's building stock is responsible for 30–40% of the global use of primary energy . Furthermore, the role of buildings is currently growing in many countries, and their part of the energy consumption in the USA, to take one example, was 34% in 1980 but as large as 41% in 2010 .
Introduction.Energy efficiency in the built environment has often been neglected as an opportunity for CO2 abatement , but recent European developments  highlight its importance. In fact, there are many “green” technologies, often with nano features, that can be put to work in order to create better buildings [18–26] and which also can lead to economic growth , and energy-efficient glazing stands out as one of the most interesting possibilities. The glazing often allows huge energy flows to enter or exit a building, which means that energy-guzzling cooling or heating must be used to create a comfortable indoor environment. One solution to this conundrum is to minimize the size of the glazing, but this leads to unacceptable losses of precious indoors–outdoors contact and day-lighting. However, energy efficiency can be reached with glazing allowing tunable transmittance of solar energy and visible light. This type of glazing is often called “smart” or “intelligent”  and is based on “chromogenic” materials [29, 30], with EC materials currently being the most widely studied and important option .
Introduction.EC materials can be altered electrically and can be used in devices for automatically adjusted as well as operator-controlled transmittance of solar energy and visible light [1, 2]. These properties allow many benefits, as extensively investigated; current studies have focused on energy efficiency [32–39], lowered CO2 emission , and on indoor comfort [41–43] for the users of buildings with EC glazing. These assets can be combined with financial benefits for the operators of the buildings . EC glazing was proposed already in 1984 [45, 46] and was introduced on the market during the 2010s. An increasing number of EC installations are currently used in real-life situations [31, 47–49]. Oxide-based EC materials are far from the only alternatives for “smart” glazing , but it appears that they are currently the main ones used in buildings. Other options include devices based on reversible electroplating , suspended particles , polymer-dispersed liquid crystals , metal hydrides , plasmonic effects in wide-bandgap electrically conducting nanoparticles [54–56], and solution-based systems . It should also be noted that oxide-based materials are far from the only ones with EC properties and, in particular, there are a plethora of organic EC materials [58–61]. The latter ones are particularly well suited for display devices but most probably lack sufficient durability for uses in buildings.
Introduction.It is important to understand that EC-based glazing must be compatible with truly large-scale manufacturing. Thus flat-glass production, mostly by the float process, has been predicted to reach a stunning 11.5 × 109 square meters per year in 2018 . Implementing EC-based functionality on only a very small fraction of the World's glazing necessitates coating technology with manufacturing equipment capable of handling square kilometers each year.
Introduction.EC materials and devices must be characterized as to their ability to transmit and reflect luminous (visible) and solar radiation. These properties can be introduced by considering the spectra shown in Fig. 1 . Thermal radiation, in panel (a), is governed by blackbody curves—which are shown for four temperatures—multiplied by an empirical emittance less than one; clearly this radiation is at λ > 2 μm for normal ambient temperatures, where λ denotes wavelength. Solar radiation falling onto the Earth's atmosphere can be represented by blackbody-like radiation for the Sun's surface temperature (5505 °C) and lies at 0.2 < λ < 3 μm. At ground level, and for normal clear weather, this radiation is as shown in Fig. 1(b); the distinct minima emanate from molecular absorption. Luminous radiation, finally, is described by the curve in Fig. 1(b) which covers the 0.4 < λ < 0.7 μm range and is peaked at 0.55 μm. Quantitative luminous (lum) and solar (sol) transmittance, indicated by T lum and T sol, respectively, can be calculated from (1) T lum,sol = ∫ dλ φlum,sol(λ) T(λ) / ∫ dλ φlum,sol(λ), where T(λ) is spectral transmittance, φlum is the eye's spectral sensitivity  and φsol signifies an “air mass 1.5” solar irradiance spectrum (with the sun being 37° above the horizon) .
Introduction.Many reviews have been written on EC materials and devices. The present paper is an update and extension of some recent surveys both regarding general content and references [31, 65, 66].
Generic device design.Electrochromics is conveniently understood from a device perspective, and Fig. 2 illustrates a generic EC design [1, 67] with five superimposed layers either on a single substrate or positioned between two substrates as a laminate. Glass is most commonly used as substrate material, but plastics is an alternative and flexible foils of polyethylene terephthalate (PET) allow device fabrication by roll-to-roll technology as discussed in Sec. 3 below [68–71].
Generic device design.The central part of an EC device conducts ions but is an insulator for electrons. It can be a polymer electrolyte layer [72, 73] or a transparent thin film. The ions should be small in order to be easily transported in an electric field; protons (H+) and lithium ions (Li+) are by far the most common alternatives.
Generic device design.The ion conductor is in contact with an EC thin film which is a mixed conductor and conducts ions as well as electrons. Tungsten oxide is the premier example; it is the first widely known EC material  and is commonly employed in today's EC glazing . The other side of the pure ion conductor has an ion storage film which again is a mixed conductor. It is preferable that the ion storage film has EC properties complementary to those of the first EC film. The mentioned three-layer construction is located between transparent electrical conductors, which can be of many kinds and use thin films of doped wide-bandgap semiconductors or noble metals, carbon nanotubes or graphene layers, noble-metal nanowires, layers of some organics, or hybrids of two or more of the mentioned alternatives [31, 75, 76]. Certain interfacial layers can improve the EC functionality [77, 78].
Generic device design.If a voltage is applied between the transparent conductors, there can be ion transport between the EC film and the ion storage film, and this charge is balanced by electrons introduced into or ejected from the EC film and the ion storage film by way of the transparent conductors. These electrons are responsible for the optical modulation of the EC film, as elaborated below. Reversing the voltage or, for some material combinations, short-circuiting recovers the original optical properties. EC devices normally maintain their physical properties in the absence of an applied voltage—i.e., under open-circuit conditions—so that the coloration can be aborted at any intermediate level between two extrema. It then follows that electrical power is needed solely to change the optical performance, which leads to energy efficiency of the EC glazing. Open-circuit memory is contingent on extremely low electron conductivity of the central ion-conducting layer, which is easier to reach with a polymer electrolyte, with a characteristic thickness of several micrometers, than in a usually much thinner inorganic ion-conducting film. The voltage needed for ion transport is typically only a few volt dc, which allows simple powering for example by photovoltaic cells integrated in the EC device .
Generic device design.An EC device is obviously akin to an electrical battery, whose charging state is manifested as optical absorption. This analogy can be useful—yet it is seldom taken advantage of sufficiently—and EC devices and electrical batteries often share the same limitations and idiosyncrasies. Thus both kinds of devices degrade rapidly upon overcharging but they can also show “self-repair”, and rejuvenation of several types of EC oxides has recently been demonstrated under galvanostatic and potentiostatic treatment, as further discussed in Sec. 4.2 [80, 81]. Furthermore, both batteries and EC devices are unable to change their properties instantaneously, and a full-size EC glazing may take tens of minutes to transition from fully dark to fully transparent state.
Generic device design.As observed above, it is suitable to have a thin-film counter electrode whose optical properties complement those of the EC film. Such complementarity is possible since there are EC oxides of two types: some darkening under ion insertion and called “cathodic” and other ones darkening under ion extraction and referred to as “anodic”. Oxides based on W, Mo, Ti and Nb are cathodic while oxides based on Ni and Ir are anodic [1, 31]. An intermediate situation prevails for V2O5 which exhibits anodic and cathodic features in different wavelength ranges [82–84]. Oxides based on Cr, Mn, Fe, Co, Cu, Rh and Ta can display some electrochromism but are unable to reach a fully bleached state and/or have weak electrochromism and therefore are largely irrelevant for practical applications. Mixed EC oxides can exhibit properties better than those of the individual components. EC devices comprising W-oxide-based and Ni-oxide-based thin films are especially interesting [85, 86] and are used in several varieties of EC glazing , including those discussed shortly in Sec. 3. Shuttling electrical charge from Ni oxide to W oxide makes both of these films dark, whereas both films become transparent when the charge is returned. Furthermore, the spectral coloration of W oxide and Ni oxide is complementary and can yield a fairly neutral color in an EC device, which is a desirable feature for most glazing.
The role of nanostructure.Nanostructure is important for EC materials and involves several length scales. These aspects are discussed next with particular reference to W oxide, which has been studied in depth. It is first observed that most of EC oxides can be viewed as being composed from octahedral structural units arranged with various degrees of corner-sharing and edge-sharing . This is a benign structure since inter-octahedral spaces are large enough to allow at least some ion transport.
The role of nanostructure.For stoichiometric WO3, the simplest structure comprises corner-sharing octahedra each with a centrally positioned tungsten atom surrounded by six oxygen atoms. However, this cubic structure is an oversimplification, and a monoclinic or triclinic structure is applicable for bulk-like WO3 at normal temperature and pressure. The latter structures are more suitable for ion transport than the cubic one since the distances between the octahedral units are larger. Hexagonal structures are readily formed in thin films, nanorods and nanowires of W oxide , and this structure is even better for ion transport.
The role of nanostructure.Empirical information on nanostructures in W oxide thin films have been reported many times in the scientific literature, and particularly clear information has been obtained for evaporated and sputter deposited W oxide films investigated by X-ray spectroscopy [87, 88]. In the case of evaporated films, cluster-type structures were apparent and were based on hexagonal-like units which grew in size and interconnectivity for film deposition onto substrates with successively higher temperatures . These results are in agreement with the fact that trimeric W3O9 molecules tend to form during evaporation  and also with computed lowest-energy structures of (WO3) q clusters . Sputtered films appear to be even more disordered and detailed structural models have been obtained from reverse Monte-Carlo modelling of extended X-ray absorption fine structure data ; these films can be described as a mixture of corner-sharing and a small amount of edge-sharing polyhedra, with five-fold and a small number of four-fold coordinated W atoms present in addition to the six-fold ones. EC films are often described as “amorphous”, but it is clear that some local order prevails, at least on the level of the polyhedral structural units, even when the films are deposited onto substrates at room temperature. Local order may be decreased under Li ion insertion .
The role of nanostructure.Some ion transport is possible in the structures discussed above, but it is nevertheless important to prepare films with a sufficient degree of porosity in order to enable facile ion mobility. Many deposition techniques may be able to produce thin films with the desired properties, with greater or smaller difficulty. Considering sputter deposition, which is usually employed for the manufacturing of EC glazing, it is illustrative to consider “zone diagrams” which describe characteristic structural features as a function of deposition conditions such as the pressure of the sputter plasma and the substrate temperature in relation to the melting point of the deposited material [92–94]. Relatively high pressure in the sputter plasma, together with low substrate temperature, are appropriate and lead to films with what is known as “zone 1” structure with columnar features. Tungsten oxide films produced by sputter deposition under such conditions typically exhibits porosities of 20–30%. Even greater porosity can be achieved by oblique-angle deposition—with large angle between the direction of the impinging species and the substrate's surface normal [95, 96]—as clearly shown for W-oxide-based EC films . Rapid EC dynamics is often reported for small-area coatings with “zone 1” character and is assigned to the nanostructure [98, 99].
The role of nanostructure.A discussion on suitable nanostructures for EC thin films also have to include the influence of the surface of the film, and recent work has pointed to the importance of surface features, including deposition-dependent exposed crystal facets, for anodically coloring Ni oxide immersed in Li-ion conducting electrolytes .
Optical properties.The origin of the optical absorption in EC oxides has been investigated for many years. This is a complicated topic for various reasons and only a simplified view, capturing the most salient features, is given here. The complications ensue from the absence of a well-defined crystal structure, as observed above, and also from oxygen deficiency and inclusion of mobile ions and water molecules. Nevertheless, a detailed picture has been presented for W oxide [101–105], while much less is known for Ni oxide and other EC oxides.
Optical properties.Insertion and extraction of protons (H+) and electrons (e –) in WO3 can be described by the highly simplified electrochemical reaction (2) [WO3 + H+ + e –]bleached ↔ [HWO3]colored, where H+ can be replaced by Li+ or some other ion . Complete reversibility can only be achieved for partial reactions [80, 106, 107], which implies that the colored material should be written H x WO3 or Li x WO3 with x < 0.5. For Ni oxide, the corresponding reaction is (3) [Ni(OH)2]bleached ↔ [NiOOH + H+ + e –]colored, where the reaction is believed to take place on hydrous grain boundaries [108, 109]. If Li+ is the mobile ionic species, the reaction is confined to the surface , as already observed.
Optical properties.The fact that most EC oxides can be represented as being constructed from octahedra-like structural units makes it possible to put forward a schematic model for the occurrence of cathodic and anodic electrochromism . The oxides can be characterized by oxygen 2p bands well separated from the metal d band, and octahedral symmetry leads to a splitting of the latter band into sub-bands with the conventional designations e g and t 2g . Fig. 3 shows three cases of relevance for EC oxides. Specifically, the left-hand panel, for H x WO3, shows an O2p band that is separated from a split d band by an energy gap. Stoichiometric WO3 has a full O2p band and an empty d band, and the band gap is wide enough to give luminous transmittance for thin films. Insertion of ions and charge balancing electrons yields partial filling of the d band along with optical absorption as discussed shortly. Middle panel of Fig. 3 pertains to anodically coloring EC oxides, such as IrO2 and overstoichiometric Ni oxide (NiO x with x > 1), which can be described as having unoccupied t 2g states, and the insertion of ions and electrons may fill these states to the top of the band implying that the material displays a gap between the e g and t 2g sub-bands. The material then becomes transparent, assuming that the band gap is sufficiently large. Finally, the right-hand part of Fig. 3 indicates that V2O5, with both cathodic and anodic characteristics, has a principally different electronic structure. The departure from octahedral coordination is large enough that the d band exhibits a narrow split-off part in the band gap. Insertion of ions and electrons into V2O5 can fill this narrow band so that the optical band gap is broadened. This feature of the band structure can account for electrochromism in V2O5  as well as band gap widening upon photo-injection of hydrogen into V2O5 .
Optical properties.The detailed mechanism of optical absorption is considered next, again with particular consideration of W oxide. When ions and electrons are inserted, the electrons become localized on tungsten sites, and some of the W6+ sites turn into W5+ sites. By absorption of a photon, the inserted electrons can obtain sufficient energy to be transferred to a neighboring site. Transfer between two sites, denoted i and j, can be described, schematically, as [1, 112, 113]. (4) W i 5+ + W j 6+ + photon → W i 6+ + W j 5+.
Optical properties.More specifically, the electrons are believed to enter localized states positioned 0.1–0.2 eV below the conduction band. The atoms are displaced so that a potential well is formed, and pronounced electron–phonon interaction leads to the formation of polarons with an extent of 0.5–0.6 nm . More detailed descriptions can be found in recent work , and the effect of W4+ has sometimes been emphasized [114, 115]. Polaron-induced optical absorption in W oxide produces a broad band centered at λ ≈ 0.85 μm and extending into the luminous part of the spectrum so that thin films attain a blue color in transmission. The spectral dependence of the absorption can be described in detail by theory [103, 116, 117].
Comments on mixed oxides.Mixed oxides can sometimes have better EC properties than pure oxides, one reason being that additional optical transitions are possible and can produce an intermixing of polaron-induced absorption bands. Much work has been devoted recently on oxides based on W–Ti, W–V, W–Ni, W–Nb, W–Mo, W–Ta, Mo–Ti, Mo–V, Mo–Nb, Mo–Ce, Ti–V, Ti–Zr, Ir–Sn, Ir–Ta, Ni–Al, Ni–Ti, Ni–V, and many others . Complexation between WO3 and an organic substance is another option . Recent studies have been reported on W–Ti oxide  and Ni–Ir oxide [120, 121], for which a minor amount of Ti or Ir produced strongly enhanced electrochemical durability.
Comments on mixed oxides.Further optimization of EC oxides can be accomplished in ternary compositions, and a comprehensive study was recently performed on thin films of W1–x–y Ti x Mo y O3 with x < 0.2 and y < 0.2 . The well-established ability of Ti addition to give electrochemical durability for WO3 [119, 123, 124] could be combined with the also well-known capability of Mo addition to provide color neutrality to WO3 [125–127]. Fig. 4 shows chromaticity coordinates for several oxides with Ti contents of ∼10 at.% and demonstrates that approximate color neutrality can be obtained . Electrochemical durability was impeded at excessive Mo contents, and it was appropriate to maintain the amount of Mo below ∼6 at.%. Complex oxides of anodically coloring EC oxides have been investigated recently too, and interesting results have been reported for oxides of Ni–W–Li , Ni–Al–Li , Ni–Zr–Li , Ni–Fe–C  and Ni–Ti–Li  as well as on Ni–LiPON .
Case study: flexible EC foil.Several variations are possible for the generic EC design reported in Sec. 2.1, and the present section presents data for one of these, specifically for a mechanically flexible foil which can be produced by low-cost high-productivity roll-to-roll processing. The design is illustrated in Fig. 5 and comprises (i) a 0.175-mm-thick PET foil with a transparent electrically conducting In2O3:Sn film and a film of EC W oxide, (ii) another PET foil with a transparent electrically conducting In2O3:Sn film and a film of EC Ni oxide, and (iii) a polymer electrolyte joining the two EC oxides. The foil can be used in different ways: it can be fixed onto the surface of an existing glass pane, it can be suspended between two glass panes in glazing thus effectively altering it from a double-glazed to a triple-glazed construction without significantly increasing the weight, and it can be used for glass lamination as delineated in the left-hand part of Fig. 5. Some of these constructions can give added functionalities to the EC device and impart spall shielding, burglar protection, etc.
Case study: flexible EC foil.Fig. 6 gives some background for understanding the optical properties of an EC foil . Upper panel shows T(λ) in the luminous spectral range after charge exchange to the stated levels and demonstrates that the transmittance can be modulated within a wide range. The middle and lower panels in Fig. 6 illustrate the optical modulation of the individual W-oxide-based and Ni-oxide-based components after the device has been disassembled. Clearly the oxide films are optically complementary with the W-oxide-based film showing cathodic coloration mainly in the long-wavelength part of the luminous spectrum while the Ni-oxide-based film displays anodic coloration mainly at short wavelengths.
Case study: flexible EC foil.Fig. 7 shows optical modulation under extended coloration and bleaching of a 240-cm2-size EC foil device . Upper panel demonstrates mid-luminous (λ = 0.55 μm) transmittance for two consecutive cycles adjusted to give a transmittance modulation ΔT of 55%. Half of the transmittance range (from point 1 to 2) took ∼10 s, 90% of this interval (from point 1 to 3) took ∼20s, while the full range (from point 1 to 4) took ∼30 s. Slower cycling could yield a larger value of ΔT. Lower panel of Fig. 7 shows evolution of maximum and minimum transmittance during the initial color–bleach cycles. The optical modulation range remained almost unchanged for thousands of cycles.
Case study: flexible EC foil.EC foils for glazing are prone to be exposed to ultraviolet irradiation, which can give a photochromic effect in addition to the electrochromism [135, 136]. If so desired, photochromism can be avoided by over-coating the W oxide film with Ta2O5 . Photochromism has been noted also in Ni-oxide based films .
Case study: flexible EC foil.Color–bleach dynamics can be an important property for EC devices. For small devices, the time for going from dark to fully transparent states, or vice versa, can be as little as a few seconds, but large devices are slower since greater quantities of electrical charge must be inserted or extracted through electrical contacts (known as “bus bars”) at one or, preferably, several of the devices' edges. EC devices can show an “iris effect” with the color change being faster at the edge than in the center, but this often unwanted feature may be compensated via the electrical drive circuitry.
Case study: flexible EC foil.The preferred range of optical modulation depends on the intended application of the EC foil. In buildings, it is often desirable to have glazing with large bleached-state transmittance, and antireflection coatings can then be used provided they do not display excessive light scattering (“haze”) [136, 139]. If instead glare control is most important, it is feasible to decrease the colored-state transmittance radically through superimposed foils. Thus if the transmittance is 10% in the dark state for an EC foil, then two superimposed foils give a transmittance of only ∼1%. Long-term durability is another essential parameter, which is discussed in more detail in Sec. 4.
Case study: flexible EC foil.Foil-type EC devices include a layer of a polymer electrolyte, which can be functionalized by nanoparticles. Most research on this aspect of EC devices used a “model electrolyte” of polyethyleneimine–lithium bis(trifluoromethanesulfonyl)imide (PEI–LiTFSI) [140, 141], but similar functionalization can be implemented for the electrolyte of the EC foil device in Fig. 5 . One interesting option is based on nanoparticles of a transparent electrical conductor such as In2O3:Sn, in which case it is possible to achieve near-infrared plasmon-based absorption and diminish T sol without appreciably affecting T lum . This property is important for EC glazing particularly in warm climates. Fig. 8 shows T(λ) and proves that strong near-infrared absorption occurs when the amount of nanoparticles is increased. Using 7 wt% of In2O3:Sn, the EC foil has T lum = 83.3% and T sol = 56.3%, while the electrolyte stays essentially free from haze. The measured data on T(λ) can be reconciled with quantitative calculations, as shown by the symbols in Fig. 8, which follows from the detailed theoretical understanding of the properties of In2O3:Sn  and of accurate descriptions (“effective-medium models”) for the optical properties of not too concentrated suspensions of nanoparticles .
Case study: flexible EC foil.The EC foil in Fig. 5 can be produced by roll-to-roll web coating [71, 145], which is well known to be a technology combining low cost with high productivity [146, 147], and this thin-film deposition process can be combined with continuous lamination of W-oxide-coated and Ni-oxide-coated PET foils by use of the polymer electrolyte. The end products are then large flexible sheets for glass lamination, which can be cut to any size and shape after which “bus bars” are applied. Consequently, manufacturing of the final foil-based device—for example an EC-based glazing—can be removed from the site for foil production.
Case study: flexible EC foil.Fig. 9 shows installations of full-size glazing with EC-based foil laminated between large glass panes. Two of the windows in the upper panel are dark and look distinctly different from the adjacent clear window. The time for going from fully dark to fully colored states is of the order of 10 min, which is appropriate for allowing the eye to light-adapt. No visible haze or other imperfections were noted. The lower panel of Fig. 9 depicts a commercial building with foil-based EC glazing on the lower two floors.
Long-term durability assessment of EC films.Long-term durability is an obvious requirement for most EC devices, and this property has been investigated repeatedly [1, 148–153]. Durability is multi-faceted and includes the ability to maintain charge transport between the two thin films in an EC device for many thousands of cycles without major loss of performance, resistance against degradation by solar irradiation for extended times, chemical ruggedness especially with regard to interfaces, sufficient shelf-life, etc.
Long-term durability assessment of EC films.Recent work studied the decrease in the charge density Q—and therefore of the coloration—for films of EC Ni oxide [154, 155] and W oxide . Fig. 10 shows data recorded under electrochemical cycling for up to 104 cycles. Panel (a) reports current density as the voltage applied to the films was swept between set endpoints and demonstrates cycle-dependent differences. The encircled areas correspond to charge density exchange, whose evolution is given in Fig. 10(b); it can be represented as an almost linear drop when the number of cycles x as well as Q are expressed on logarithmic scales.
Long-term durability assessment of EC films.Several functional dependencies were implemented to fit the data in Fig. 10(b), and it was found that a power-law or, alternatively, a stretched-exponential expression could accurately represent the decline of the charge density . Specifically the fittings used the expression (5) Q = A 2 + A 1 − A 2 1 + ( x x 0 ) p for the power law, where A 1 and A 2 are the initial and final charge capacities, x 0 is the cycle number at which the charge density has declined to the average of its initial and final value, and p is a kinetic exponent. The fitting parameters depended on film composition and voltage range for ion insertion/extraction. The underlying model for degradation may be connected with dispersive chemical kinetics  and involve a variety of diffusion-limited reactions that still are poorly understood.
Rejuvenation of degraded EC films.Another recent discovery demonstrated unambiguously that degraded EC films could be rejuvenated so that they recover their original properties . This may open new ways for long-term use of EC devices, and the finding may also be relevant for other ionics-based devices such as electrical batteries. Most studies of rejuvenation have so far been carried out on W oxide and have encompassed galvanostatic  as well as potentiostatic  treatment. Rejuvenation can be performed many times  and has been demonstrated also for other EC materials such as Ti oxide  and Mo oxide . Fig. 11 shows data from a study of sputter deposited WO3 thin films immersed in a Li-conducting electrolyte and serves as a clear demonstration of rejuvenation. Panel (a) shows data on electrochemical cycling of a film after the initial and the 400th cycle in the stated voltage interval. There is an apparent drop of the charge density exchange, and Fig. 11(c) demonstrates a corresponding decrease of the optical modulation.
Rejuvenation of degraded EC films.Device degradation can be assigned to trapping of Li ions by following notions assuming that W oxide can be represented as a network of connected sites with low inter-site barriers, and allowing fast ion diffusion throughout the host material, and other sites with higher energy barriers which are capable of trapping diffusing ions [161–164]. The trapping hypothesis was probed by applying a constant current density of 10−5 A cm−2 through a W oxide film for 20 h in the “bleaching direction”. The potential then grew from ∼2.8 to ∼5.5 V, as apparent from Fig. 11(b), while the optical transmittance remained high and virtually unchanged. Subsequent to this galvanostatic treatment, the open-circuit potential returned to its initial value of ∼3.3 V, thus indicating that the original properties were recovered. Optical transmittance provided further proof that the film was indeed rejuvenated, which is clear from the information in Fig. 11(c) and also for data on T(λ) in Fig. 11(d). Furthermore, the electrochemical cycling data returned to those for the pristine film, as indicated in Fig. 11(a). Potentiostatic rejuvenation revealed some additional features, and a conspicuous peak in the current density was associated with a rapid change in the optical transmittance .
Rejuvenation of degraded EC films.The above results suggest strongly that Li ion de-trapping is possible, and conclusive evidence on this matter was obtained by analyzing the Li content—including its depth profile—by time-of-flight elastic recoil detection analysis (ToF-ERDA)  and time-of-flight secondary ion mass spectroscopy (ToF-SIMS) . Fig. 12 shows that the optical transmittance modulation is rapidly diminished during electrochemical cycling until it reaches the point denoted II at which the Li content was investigated and found to be much greater than in the pristine film. Galvanostatic rejuvenation according to the procedures delineated above led to abrupt onset of high transmittance after ∼9 h, which could be correlated with de-trapping of Li ions as evident from the absence of Li in the ToF-ERDA data corresponding to point III in Fig. 12.
Rejuvenation of degraded EC films.Very recent results show that electrochemical rejuvenation can be accomplished also in anodically coloring EC Ni oxide films immersed in an electrolyte of LiClO4 in propylene carbonate, and that ion accumulation and ion release again takes place and, interestingly, involves Li as well as Cl . Fig. 13 reports some characteristic transmittance data and shows that the optical modulation drops during 500 electrochemical cycles (corresponding to 11 h of treatment). Potentiostatic rejuvenation was then applied during a period of 20 h, during which the transmittance reached a low level, and this treatment was followed by a resting period of 2 h. Finally, the data in the right-hand part of Fig. 13 indicate that the initial optical performance was regained, at least approximately. The new results for Ni oxide show that both the cathodic and anodic components of a typical EC device can be rejuvenated, but work is still needed to demonstrate rejuvenation of a complete device. It should be emphasized that the physics and chemistry for the rejuvenation processes still are not well understood.
Some conclusions and perspectives.EC glazing has progressed dramatically since its feeble beginnings in 1984 [45, 46]. Such glazing is presently (2017) manufactured by at least four companies and is installed in buildings, especially in Europe and the USA, where it yields energy efficiency along with indoor comfort and other amenities. Low-cost manufacturing and long-term durability are keys to successful products and, as discussed in this article, web-coating can be implemented to create light-weight, rugged EC devices in the form of large sheets or on a roll suitable for glass lamination and incorporation in glazing. Reactive DC magnetron sputtering appears to be a preferred deposition technology, but other options, for example based on sol–gel deposition  or inkjet printing , may be used. In contrast with many other “green” technologies, electrochromism does not rely on “critical” rare-earth elements with questionable availability . The electrolyte in the EC device can be based on an eco-friendly biohybrid [171, 172], which strengthens the notion that electrochromic technology is environmentally benign.
Some conclusions and perspectives.Predictions about future developments are notoriously difficult, but here follow some perspectives on multifunctionality in conjunction with electrochromics, which may become a key issue [173, 174]. Thus it is possible to combine energy generation [175, 176], energy storage [177–181], or light-emission  with electrochromism, and another aspect of multifunctionality regards “dual-band” EC devices that are capable of separately modulating luminous radiation and near-infrared solar radiation [54, 183–187]. Still another possible—perhaps even likely—future development of EC technology concerns thermochromic (temperature-dependent) control of solar energy throughput, which can be added to electrochromism via VO2-based nanoparticles [188–190] in the electrolyte in analogy with the application of nanoparticles discussed in Sec. 3 above . Furthermore, it is feasible to invoke photocatalytic remediation of indoor air [192, 193] in conjunction with EC glazing; the temperature increase caused by optical absorption in a darkened EC device can contribute significantly to the efficiency of the air purification.
Some conclusions and perspectives.The discussion in this paper was centered on glass-based products, but this is not the only option for web-coated EC devices, which may be employed in membrane architecture of a kind that already is well-established in sports stadiums, function halls, etc. [194, 195]. The membranes are based on transparent or translucent ethylene tetrafluoroethylene (ETFE), which has proven durability for many decades even under full solar irradiation. Coating ETFE with a transparent electrical conductor is a critical step, but recent advances in thin-film deposition  and sub-second heat treatment of thin films on polymer substrates [197, 198] strongly indicate that the technical challenges can be met. Flexible web-coated EC membranes therefore stand out as an interesting possibility for future innovative architecture.
Introduction.In recent years, porous carbon materials have attracted significant research attention and widely applied in CO2 adsorption [1–4], catalysis [5–7], hydrogen storage , electric double-layer capacitors [9–11] and fuel cells  because of their surface chemically inertness, high mechanical stability, electrical conductivity and large specific surface area and pore volume. Porous carbon materials with various pore sizes and structures have been successfully prepared using different methods and carbon sources. Dutta et al.  reported that the hard templating, soft templating and non-templating strategies can be used to fabricate hierarchical porous carbon nanomaterials, which demonstrated synergistic effects of macro-, meso- and microporosity in energy-related applications. Russo et al.  reviewed the synthesis, properties and potential applications of porous graphene. However, pure carbon materials exhibit poor hydrophilicity, which limits their applications in various fields. Heteroatom (N, S or P)-doped carbon materials possess modified surface and pore structure, enhanced hydrophilicity and improved electron transfer rate of materials, thereby increasing the application of carbon materials in various fields [6,15–17]. Nitrogen atoms can replace carbon atoms as porous materials because of their adjacent location in the periodic table. Thus, nitrogen-doped porous carbon has been increasingly investigated.
Introduction.Nitrogen-doped porous carbons are synthesised through carbonisation of nitrogen-containing precursors, such as synthetic polymers , biomass resources [20–22] and organic molecules . Considering the shortage of resources, environmental pollution and other issues, scholars must develop an environment-friendly method for facile synthesis of nitrogen-doped porous carbons. Natural materials should be used as precursors for large-scale sustainable production. Biomass, as a renewable energy resource, can be used to prepare porous carbon materials. Biomass cannot only reduce the manufacturing cost but also realise the recycling and development of waste materials. Biomass has is widely used to prepare porous carbon as adsorbents and electrode materials from fungi , banana peel , egg white , rice husk , amaranthus waste  and bamboo . Primo et al.  synthesised carbon spheres derived from natural biopolymers (alginate and chitosan) and shows a large CO2 adsorption capacities of 5.0 mmol g-1 (at 0°C and atmospheric pressure). Li et al.  presented a novel one-step synthesis for nitrogen-doped activated carbon from corncob and shows a high specific capacity of 185 F g-1 at 0.4 A g-1 in two-electrode system. Longan is one of the most famous edible fruit-bearing trees in south and southeast China. Processing of longan generates waste Longan shells, which can cause serious environmental pollution. Therefore, an effective method must be developed to fully utilise waste longan shells.
Introduction.In this study, we report a facile strategy for synthesis of nitrogen-doped porous carbon (A-NCs) by using waste longan shell as carbon source and carbamide as additional nitrogen source through staged KOH activation. The fabricated A-NCs possess highly developed ultra-micropores (approximately 0.6nm), an ultrahigh specific surface area (up to 3260 m2 g-1) and a nitrogen content of 2.3 at.%. The A-NCs delivered high specific capacity (up to 322 F g-1 and an energy density of up to 20.4W h kg-1) at 0.5 A g-1 in 6M KOH and excellent cycle stability (retained almost 96.2% specific capacitance after 5000 cycles). In addition, the A-NCs showed a high CO2 adsorption capacity of up to 5.6 mmol g-1 (at 0°C) and high CO2 selectivity against N2. Given this approach at a low cost, the fabricated A-NCs can be produced using a low-cost method, are widely available and exhibit excellent performance for supercapacitors and CO2 adsorption; hence, these A-NCs can be used for commercial production of supercapacitive electrode materials and CO2 adsorbents. Scheme 1 . is a schematic view showing the synthesis of A-NCs.
Materials.Longan was obtained from Fujian Kowloon Valley Agricultural and Sideline Products Co., China. Potassium hydroxide (KOH) and carbamide were purchased from Sinopharm Chemical Reagent Co., Ltd. Concentrated hydrochloric acid (HCl, 36%–38%, wt.) was purchased from Adamas-beta Inc., Shanghai, China. All the chemicals were of analytical grade and used without further purification.
Synthesis.Nitrogen-doped porous carbon was synthesised using longan shell as carbon source, carbamide as nitrogen source and KOH as activator. In a typical synthesis, the shell was dried in a vacuum oven at 120°C for 24h and ground to powder. The dried shell was carbonised under N2 atmosphere at 500°C for 2h with a ramp rate of 5°C min-1. Specifically, N2 was passed through a carbamide solution (6M) and into a tube furnace to supply nitrogen. After natural cooling, the samples were denoted as NCs (the sample without doping a nitrogen source was defined as Cs).
Synthesis.In KOH activation, the (N)Cs (1g) and KOH (2g) were added to ethanol solution (50wt.%, 10ml), soaked for 2h and dried in an oven at 70°C for 4h. The dried mixture was activated under N2 atmosphere at 600°C–900°C for 2h at a rate of 5°C/min-1. After natural cooling to room temperature, the obtained materials were washed several times by aqueous HCl solution (1M) to remove any inorganic salts and rinsed with deionised water until a neutral pH was achieved. Finally, the sample was dried in a vacuum oven at 60°C for 2h. The activated nitrogen-doped porous carbon was denoted as A-NCs-x (the activated porous carbon was denoted as A-Cs-x), where x is the activation temperature (°C).
Characterisation.Weight change during carbonisation was monitored by a thermogravimetric analyser ((TGA; DTG-60AH) under N2 environment with a temperature rate of 10°C/min from room temperature to 800°C (Fig. S2). The structure and morphology of the porous carbon were observed using transmission electron microscopy (TEM, JEM-2100, JEOL) and field-emission scanning electron microscopy (FE-SEM, Hitachi S-4800). Nitrogen adsorption–desorption was assessed using a Surface and Pore Size Analysis Instrument (3H-2000PM, Beishide Instrument-S&T Co., Ltd., China) at −196°C. X-ray diffraction (XRD) of the samples was recorded using a Bruker Focus D8 diffractometer with Cu Kα radiation (40kV, 40mA, k=1.5418Å) between 10° and 80°. Raman spectra were collected on a LabRAM HR800 Raman spectrometer. X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) analysis was performed on a Specs spectrometer by using Al Kα radiation as excitation source.
CO.The CO2 adsorption isotherms of the samples were analysed at 25°C and 1bar by using a Beishide 3H-2000PM Surface Area and Pore Size Analysis Instrument. Electrochemistry tests of cyclic voltammetry (CV), galvanostatic charge/discharge (GCD) and electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) were conducted on an electrochemical workstation (CHI760D, Chenhua Instruments Co. Ltd., Shanghai, China). Analysis was conducted using a three-electrode system with a Hg/HgO electrode as reference electrode in an aqueous electrolyte solution (6M KOH) at 25°C. Cycle life stability was determined using a CT2001A Land Electronic testing equipment (Wuhan Land Electronic Co., Ltd., China). The working electrodes were prepared using 80wt.% A-NCs, 10wt.% acetylene black, 10wt.% polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE) and ethanol adequately mixed to form a homogeneous mixture. The electrode was coated with a foam nickel substrate at 15MPa and dried overnight at 80°C. Specific capacitance was calculated based on charge/discharge according to the following formula:  (1) Cm =I▵t/(m▵V), where I (A) is the discharge current, m (g) is the mass of the active materials, ▵t (s) is the discharge time and ▵V (V) is the voltage window. Power density (P, W kg-1) and energy density (E, W h kg-1) were calculated using the following equations:  (2) P=½×Cm ×(▵V)2 and (3) E=P/▵V, where Cm, ▵V and t are the specific capacitance (F g−1), V is the voltage window and s is the discharge time.
Structural and chemical properties of the porous carbons.The structure and morphology of the samples were investigated by FESEM and TEM measurements. As shown in Fig. 1 a and b, the longan shells exhibit a plant fibre structure and the NCs are composed of irregular granules after carbonisation. After activation with KOH, the sample produced numerous microporous structures (Fig. 1c and d). The porous structure of the sample was clearly observed in the TEM images. As illustrated in Fig. 2 a and c, no appreciable pore structure was observed in the NCs prior to activation. After activation with KOH, A-NCs-800 exhibits a well-developed microporous structure (Fig. 2b) and a narrow pore structure in the high-resolution TEM images (Fig. 2d and Fig. S3). Notably, this unique microporous structure can improve the conductivity and surface wettability of materials; hence, the fabricated porous carbon can be widely used in CO2 adsorption and supercapacitors . The SEM elemental mapping images show the element distribution of A-NCs-800. Fig. S4 shows a uniform distribution of C, N and O on the surface, indicating that nitrogen was successfully doped in the carbon material.
Structural and chemical properties of the porous carbons.The surface area and pore structure of the A-NCs were investigated by nitrogen adsorption–desorption at −196°C. As shown in Fig. 3 a, the NCs exhibit type II adsorption–desorption isotherm, implying that the samples have a low N2 adsorption capacity. After activation with KOH, the adsorption capacities of A-NCs-600, A-NCs-700, A-NCs-800 and A-NCs-900 dramatically increased; this finding indicates that activation produced materials with porous structure and large pore volume. The adsorption capacity of A-NCs-600 and A-NCs-700 sharply increased at a relatively low pressure (P/P0<0.4); these samples exhibit type I adsorption isotherms, which suggests a microporous characteristic. With increasing activation temperature, A-NCs-800 and A-NCs-900 show type IV adsorption–desorption isotherms, indicating that the samples possess few mesopores. Fig. 3b shows pore size distribution (PSD) determined through density functional theory (DFT). All A-NC samples exhibit narrow micropore size distribution from 0.4nm to 1.2nm (Fig. 3b and Fig. S5); by contrast, A-NCs-800 and A-NCs-900 show mesoporous distribution (2nm to 5nm) at high activation temperatures. The feature parameters of the porous carbon materials are presented in Table 1 . The samples have an ultra-large area (up to 3260 m2 g-1) and pore volume (2.6 m3 g-1) after KOH activation. The BET and pore volume of A-NCs-900 decreased to 2734 and 2.3 m3 g-1, respectively, when the activation temperature was increased to 900°C. The increase in temperature induced intensified KOH activation, resulting in wide PSD and low BET surface area . Furthermore, the A-Cs-800 also exhibit high BET surface areas and micropore volumes (Table 1 and Fig. S6), indicated nitrogen doping does not appear to have any obvious effect on the textural properties .
Structural and chemical properties of the porous carbons.XRD and Raman spectrometry analyses were used to determine the crystallite structure and characterise the A-NCs. As illustrated in Fig. 4 a, the A-NCs exhibit two diffraction peaks at around 2θ=22° and 43°, which correspond to the porous carbon (002) crystal face of graphite and (100) amorphous structure, respectively . The intensity of the peak at 2θ=22° decreased with increasing activation temperature; this finding indicates that the structure of the graphitised sample was seriously destroyed by KOH activation at high temperatures . The results of Raman spectroscopic analysis show two broad peaks for the A-NCs at about 1340 (D-band) and 1589cm-1 (G-band), which are attributed to disordered carbon structures and graphitic layer structures, respectively (Fig. 4b) . The intensity ratio of D-band and G-band (I D/I G) represents the degree of graphitisation; that is, high I D/I G ratios indicate large defects of the structures. The I D/I G peak ratios are 0.96, 1.00, 1.01 and 1.03 for A-NCs-600, A-NCs-700, A-NCs-800 and A-NCs-900, respectively. The A-NCs with an order graphitic structure were destroyed with increasing temperature for KOH activation. This finding is similar to the results of XRD measurement.
Structural and chemical properties of the porous carbons.XPS analysis was conducted to investigate the surface functionalities of the A-NCs. As shown in Fig. S7, the general XPS spectrum of A-NCs shows predominant C 1s, N 1s and O 1s peaks, indicating that nitrogen was successfully doped in the porous carbon. In addition, the N 1s core level spectra of the A-NCs are shown in Fig. 5 , Fig. S8 and Table 2 . As predicted, the samples exhibit three peaks representing the three types of nitrogen species, namely, pyridine nitrogen (N-6, 398.7eV), pyrrolic/pyridinic nitrogen (N-5, 400.7eV) and oxidised nitrogen (N-X, 404eV) [42–44]. The sample of NCs before activation show a high nitrogen content up to 6.23%. With increasing activated temperature, the nitrogen percentages decreased to 4.65%, 3.92%, 2.33% and 1.26% for A-NCs-600, A-NCs-700, A-NCs-800 and A-NCs-900, respectively. Moreover, the content of N-6 decreased, whereas those of N-5 and N-X increased. Previous reports indicated that the high N-6 and N-5 contents in the porous carbon can improve its conductivity and wettability, resulting in excellent electrochemical properties and large CO2 capture [45–47].
Electrochemical performance.The electrochemical performance of the A-(N)Cs was assessed through CV, GCD and EIS analyses in 6.0M KOH aqueous solution by using a three-electrode system. Fig. 6 a illustrates typical CV curves of the A-(N)Cs at 20mVs-1. All samples display a typical quasi-rectangular shape, suggesting an ideal double-layered capacitance behaviour . Compared with the CV curves of A-NCs-600, A-NCs-700, A-NCs-900 and A-Cs-800, the curve of A-NCs-800 shows a larger rectangular shape; this finding indicates the excellent electrochemical performance A-NCs-800 on account of large surface area, porous structure and high nitrogen content. The CV curves of A-NCs-800 at different scan rates from 5 to 100 mVs-1 are shown in Fig. 6b. With increasing scan rate, the CV curves retained a similar rectangular shape, suggesting the excellent capacitive property of A-NCs-800.
Electrochemical performance.The excellent capacitive performance was confirmed by GCD tests. Fig. 6c presents the GCD curves of the five porous carbon electrodes at 1 A g-1; the curves show a symmetrical triangular shape. The discharge voltage changes linearly with time, which is a typical double-layered characteristic. Specific capacitance was calculated using Formula 1. The A-NCs-800 sample exhibits the longest charge–discharge time with specific capacitance as high as 276 F g-1 at 1 A g-1. Moreover, the specific capacitance values of A-NCs-600, A-NCs-700 and A-NCs-900 are 191, 220 and 254 F g-1, respectively. A-NCs-800 exhibit ultra-high BET surface area, well-developed porous structure, which effectively improve the charge inside the electrode transmission capacity and lead to excellent electrochemical capacitive properties . In addition, although the A-Cs-800 has a high specific surface area, its specific capacitance is only 244 F g-1 at 1 A g-1, indicating that nitrogen doping can improve the electrochemical properties of the material. Furthermore, Fig. 6d shows the GCD curves of A-NCs-800 at different current densities from 0.5 to 10 A g-1. All the curves maintain a good isosceles triangular shape even at high current densities. This finding is consistent with the results of CV test. The specific capacitance reaches 322 F g-1 at 0.5 A g-1 and 192 F g-1 even at 10 A g-1. These values are higher than some previously reported capacitive performance of carbon materials (Table S2). The decline in specific capacitance at high current density could be due to the increase in current density, leading to interfacial electrolyte adsorption of a large number of electrolyte ions. As a result, the interface of the electrolyte ion concentration rapidly decreased, whereas the difference in concentration polarisation increased . In addition, in order to explore the capacitance contribution of the Nickel foam, a blank nickel foam was also tested under the same pretreatment (in Fig. S9). Obviously, it can be seen the mass capacitance is only 5.3 F g-1 at 0.5 A g-1 come from the nickel foam and it contribution to the electrode material can be completely negligible.
Electrochemical performance.The EIS spectra of the porous carbon samples were recorded (Fig. 6e) and the inset is the equivalent circuit. The Nyquist curve consists of a high-frequency semicircle, a transition section of the intermediate frequency region and a close to the vertical line segment in the low-frequency region. Among the five porous carbon samples, A-NCs-800 shows the smallest semicircle in the high-frequency region and the largest line slope in the low-frequency region. The Rs (contact resistance and materials resistance) of A-NCs-600, A-NCs-700, A-NCs-800, A-NCs-900 and A-Cs-800 are 0.83Ω, 0.74Ω, 0.52Ω, 0.63Ω and 0.69Ω, respectively, exhibiting lowest contact resistance and excellent conductivity of sample A-NCs-800 in 6M KOH aqueous electrolytes. This finding is consistent with the CV and GCD test results. Fig. 6f shows the Cm of all samples at different current densities (0.5-10 A g-1). A-NCs-800 shows high Cm (322 F g-1) at 0.5 A g-1, which is higher than those of A-NCs-600, A-NCs-700 and A-NCs-900. The Cm values of A-NCs-800 are 322, 276, 239, 220, 203 and 192 F g-1 at 0.5, 1, 2, 5, 8 and 10 A g-1, respectively. Therefore, A-NCs-800 exhibits satisfactory capacitive performance even at high current densities. The GCD cycling stability of A-NCs-800 was measured at 1 A g-1. As shown in Fig. S10, the A-NCs-800 electrode had no significant capacity loss and retained almost 96.2% specific capacitance after 5000 cycles. This finding indicates the excellent cycle stability of A-NCs-800 as supercapacitor electrode material.
Electrochemical performance.In order to further evaluate supercapacitors in practical application, a symmetrical supercapacitor based on A-NCs-800 was assembled (denoted as A-NCs//A-NCs) according to the schematic in Fig. 7 a. The CV, GCD and cycle stability also were measured at a high voltage window (0-1.2V) in two-electrode systems. As shown in Fig. 7b, the CV curves displayed a nearly typical rectangular shape at different scan rates even at 50mV s-1, suggesting it has an excellent rate capability. The quasi triangular-shaped GCD curves at different current densities were shown in Fig. 7c. From Formula 1, the specific capacitance were 102.1, 95.3, 88.7, 76.2 and 60.3 F g-1 at 0.5, 1, 2, 5 and 10 A g-1, respectively. The GCD cycling stability of A-NCs//A-NCs symmetrical supercapacitor was measured at 2 A g-1 (Fig. 7d), the symmetrical supercapacitor had no significant capacity loss and retained almost 97.6% specific capacitance after 2000 cycles. Fig. 7d inset presents the Ragone plots P (W kg-1) and E (W h kg-1) of the A-NCs//A-NCs symmetrical supercapacitor. E and P were calculated using Equations 2 and 3. The maximum E reaches 20.4W h kg-1 (P=299.7W kg-1) at 0.5 A g-1. As the current density increases to 10 A g-1, the P reaches 5967.1W kg-1 and the corresponding E retention is 59.3% (12.1W h kg-1). After 2000 cycles, the A-NCs//A-NCs symmetrical supercapacitor shows a high E value (19.8W h kg-1) at 0.5 A g-1 (Fig. 8 d inset), demonstrating the excellent electrochemical properties of the sample.
CO.In addition, as the fabricated A-(N)Cs possess a well-developed microporous structure, they also show an excellent CO2 adsorption performance. Fig. 8a shows the CO2 adsorption isotherms of the A-NCs at 0°C and 1bar. In particular, A-NCs-800 exhibits large CO2 uptake reaching 5.6 mmol CO2·g -1 (246mg CO2·g -1), which is higher than those of A-NCs-600, A-NCs-700, A-NCs-900 and A-Cs-800. This finding is due to the combined effect of nitrogen in the material itself and its high specific surface area . The uptake is relatively higher than those of previously reported adsorbents (Table S3). The CO2 adsorption capacity of the A-NCs was also measured at 25°C. As depicted in Table S4, the A-NCs exhibit low CO2 adsorption capacity at high temperatures, indicating that CO2 adsorption is an exothermic process. The isosteric heat of adsorption (Qst) of the porous carbons were evaluated from their CO2 adsorption data at 0 and 25°C using the Clausius − Clapeyron equation (Fig. S11). At low CO2 loading moment, the high initial Qst values maybe indicate that the CO2 molecules are selectively adsorbed on the surface N active sites of porous carbon . A-NCs-800 exhibited a higher Qst compared with the other A-(N)Cs, this due to the sample have a high nitrogen content and high specific surface area. As the amount of CO2 adsorbed increases, the Qst gradually decreases and remains constant, indicated that the process is dominated by physical adsorption of CO2 . In addition, the CO2 selectivity of the A-NCs against N2 was further assessed to demonstrate their practical application. As shown in Fig. 8b, the N2 uptake (0.6 mmolg -1) is lower than the CO2 adsorption capacity (4.3 mmolg -1) under the same condition (at 25°C and 1bar); hence, A-NCs-800 is a potential selective adsorbent for CO2 and N2 separation.
Conclusions.In summary, we propose a low-cost method for facile synthesis of nitrogen-doped porous carbons. The obtained A-NCs exhibit an ultra-high specific surface area of up to 3260 m2 g-1 and a nitrogen content of 2.33 at.%. The A-NCs exhibit excellent capacitive performance, with specific capacitance reaching 322 F g-1 at 0.5 A g-1 and capacity maintained at 96.2% after 5000 cycles at 1 A g-1. The A-NCs also show high energy densities of 20.4 to 12.1W h kg-1 at power densities from 299.7 to 5967.1W kg-1. In addition, the A-NCs possess a high CO2 adsorption capacity of up to 5.6 mmol g-1 (at 0°C) and high CO2 selectivity against N2. Overall, the fabricated sample is a promising electrode material for supercapacitors and a suitable solid adsorbent for CO2 uptake. We also believe that the A-NCs may be applicable to other fields, such as fuel cells and lithium-ion batteries.
Introduction.MiRNAs are a class of small non-protein-coding single-strand (ss) ribonucleic acid molecules (RNAs) of 19 to 25 nucleotides (nts) with 2 nt 3′ overhanging ends and 5′ phosphate groups which play important regulatory roles in various physiological (cell development, differentiation, metabolism, immune system and apoptosis) and pathological (oncogenesis) processes . Accumulated evidences have indicated that aberrant expression of miRNAs is found to accompany many illnesses, such as diabetes, cancer, heart diseases, tissue injury after stroke and neurodegenerative disorders. Accordingly, miRNAs can be considered as important and minimally invasive informative targets for both early and reliable diagnostic and therapeutic applications [2–7]. MiRNAs found in blood serum, plasma, urine, saliva, and other body fluids can be either up or down regulated in these diseases and figuring out their regulation pattern is of great importance since it could provide information about their potential roles in initiation and progression of these illnesses . Moreover, miRNAs possess ideal biomarker's characteristics such as specificity for the particular disease or pathology, reliable indication of the disease before appearing clinical symptoms, sensitivity to changes in the pathology progression or therapeutic response, and feasibility to be sampled by a relatively non-invasive method . Consequently, analytical methods able to detect and accurately quantify in a reliable manner the expression levels of one, or more interesting, a set of miRNAs are extremely desirable in biomedical research and clinical diagnosis and expected to have a tremendous impact on healthcare .
Introduction.Although many efforts have been made in the detection of miRNAs, their short sequence length (most miRNAs are approximately 21-22 nts, i.e. the length of a standard PCR primer) high sequence similarity among family members (miRNAs of the same family may differ by only one base), low abundance (approximately 0.01% of the total RNA typically extracted from a sample) wide concentration range (the miRNAs expression level may vary in samples in more than 4 orders of magnitude) and susceptibility to degradation can be mentioned as factors which make difficult the accurate detection and quantification of miRNAs using conventional RNA analytical techniques [1,2,12–16]. Current methods for miRNA detection include quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR), microarray-based detection, capillary electrophoresis, and northern blot analysis. These methods provide a high sensitivity but they meet only partially the requirements for routine detection and have some disadvantages such as providing only a limited degree of qualitative data, high assay costs, time consuming steps, and low detection accuracy [5,17,18]. In this context, electrochemical biosensors hold great promise as one of the most appealing alternatives to conventional methodologies for miRNA determination [19–32]. Relevant functional characteristics such as fast response, affordable cost, ease of operation, automation and on-site analysis meet adequately the requirements needed for routine detection [11,19,32–38].
Electrochemical biosensors for miRNAs determination using viral proteins and antibodies as bioreceptors.Although a noticeable number of electrochemical biosensors have been reported so far for miRNAs determination [21–32], most of them require the use of multiple reagents and involve complex and time-consuming working protocols including amplification strategies.
Electrochemical biosensors for miRNAs determination using viral proteins and antibodies as bioreceptors.Particularly attractive and simple strategies are those involving antibodies and viral proteins as versatile bioreceptors specifically directed to RNA/DNA and RNA/RNA hybrids, respectively. Some interesting reports for miRNAs determination have appeared in the last 5 years using these antibodies [3,11,33,38,39–41], and viral proteins [2,5,7,14,17,34,42,43]. These specific and versatile bioreceptors exhibit unique binding properties allowing detecting mature miRNAs transcripts with high selectively. Apart for their selectivity towards a particular type of duplexes (DNA/RNA) other key advantage of the use of specific antibodies for miRNA detection is the fact that there are versatile recognition elements for any target miRNA which is particularly valuable for the development of multiplexed detection platforms.
Electrochemical biosensors for miRNAs determination using viral proteins and antibodies as bioreceptors.Previous strategies utilizing monoclonal and polyclonal antibodies for recognition of DNA/RNA hybrids, such as antipoly(A)−poly-(dT) and anti-S9.6 , and double-stranded (ds)RNA have been proposed in hybridization based assays for nucleic acid detection . It has been reported that S9.6 (also known as anti-DNA/RNA antibody) exhibits high specificity and affinity for DNA/RNA hybrids, and it does not cross-react with ssDNAs or dsDNAs and RNAs . It has been shown that a single DNA/RNA heteroduplex can be bound by multiple S9.6 antibodies and that the S9.6 binding epitope is of the order of 6 base pairs in size .
Electrochemical biosensors for miRNAs determination using viral proteins and antibodies as bioreceptors.A large number of viral proteins involved in DNA replication, damage control, repair, and gene expression are capable of binding DNA and RNA with different affinities and sequence specificities . These viral proteins can interact with small RNAs such as miRNAs and siRNAs preventing viral RNA degradation and allowing the establishment and maintenance of a systemic infection . Some examples of these viral proteins are the ssDNA binding protein (SSB) , the beet yellow virus p21 , the Tombusviral p19 and the Tospoviral RNA Silencing Suppressor Proteins .
Electrochemical biosensors for miRNAs determination using viral proteins and antibodies as bioreceptors.Among the Tombusviral p19 proteins, the Carnation Italian Ringspot virus (CIRV) is, together with the tomato bushy stunt virus (TBSV) variant, one the best characterized structurally and functionally  and, probably because of its commercial availability, the only one used in the electrochemical biosensing so far. CIRV p19 protein (19kDa) is a RNA silencing suppressor which behaves as a molecular caliper to sequester selectively 19-23 base pair dsRNA with nanomolar affinity in a size dependent and sequence independent manner instead of binding to ssRNA, rRNA, ssDNA, dsDNA or mRNA [7,51–53]. Accordingly, binding of p19 to dsRNA can be exploited for recognition of miRNAs after hybridization with specific RNA probes . The binding between p19 and dsRNAs occurs through electrostatic and hydrogen-bonding interactions between the β-sheet formed by the p19 homodimer and the sugar−phosphate backbone of dsRNA, thereby making the binding sequence independent of the RNA substrate . Previous studies demonstrated that the p19 protein exhibits a high affinity for 21 nts RNA duplexes containing a 2-base overhang and 5′ phosphate groups which interact with the tryptophan residues on the endcapping helices of the p19 dimer for stabilization [50,54–56]. The affinity of this viral protein for ds-RNA duplexes decreases significantly as the duplex region is lengthened or shortened. Actually it was showed that 320 and 75-fold lower affinities occurred for 19 and 26-mer RNA duplexes .
Electrochemical biosensors for miRNAs determination using viral proteins and antibodies as bioreceptors.It is important to remark that, unlike with sequence-specific RT-PCR primers, the biosensing approaches using viral proteins and antibodies as bioreceptors are readily translated to the interrogation of any target miRNA simply by adding the complementary probe to the target miRNA to form the corresponding DNA/miRNA or RNA/miRNA duplex. Therefore, these methodologies merge the selectivity of target miRNA/complementary probe hybridization with the unique specificity of these bioreceptors for the particular duplex. Moreover, unlike what occurs with p19 protein which acts like a molecular caliper clasping the ds-RNA, the small size of S9.6 antibodies epitope allows multiple antibodies to bind single DNA/miRNA heteroduplexes which in turn permits enhanced signal amplification.
Electrochemical biosensors for miRNAs determination using viral proteins and antibodies as bioreceptors.Taking advantage of the unique properties of viral proteins and antibodies as bioreceptors, very attractive and promising strategies for electrochemical miRNAs biosensing have been developed. Therefore, the following subsections will be devoted to the brief description of the fundamentals of the different developed strategies. Table 1 highlights the type of bioreceptor used, the target miRNA and the electrochemical technique employed for transduction. The basis of each methodology, the analytical characteristics and main advantages and limitations will be briefly discussed in the following sections, together with future prospects and challenges to face in this field.
Viral proteins.By pairing up the advantages of electrochemical sensors with the unique binding properties of CIRV p19 protein to small dsRNAs, some interesting approaches for the determination of miRNAs, using both label-free and labeling strategies have been described recently.
Viral proteins.A label-free electrochemical biosensor for the determination of miRNA-21 was reported by Kilic et al. using passive immobilization of the p19-dsRNA bioconjugates onto activated pencil graphite electrodes (PGEs) . The analytical readout consisted of measuring the differential pulse voltammetric (DPV) oxidation signal of the p19 protein tryptophan residues (Fig. 1 ). This voltammetric miRNA assay allowed achieving a LOD of 1.6 picomole of the target miRNA in 10μL. The applicability of this biosensor was demonstrated by determining miRNA-21 in total RNA (RNAt) extracted from PBS1 cell line.
Viral proteins.Labib et al.  designed a three-mode electrochemical biosensor able to detect 5 different miRNAs (miRNA-21, miRNA-32, miRNA-122, miRNA-141, and miRNA-200 reported as colorectal, prostate, liver, colon and ovarian tumors biomarkers, respectively) using self-assembly of a thiolated RNA onto a gold nanoparticles-modified screen-printed carbon electrode (AuNPs-SPCE). This approach was claimed to detect one or multiple miRNAs using three detection modalities involving direct hybridization, p19 binding and displacement. In all cases electrochemical signals corresponded to the amplified current density, measured by square wave voltammetry (SWV) at the modified electrodes in the presence of K3[Fe(CN)6] and [Ru(NH3)6]Cl3, and corresponding to the reduction of the positively charged Ru3+ complex electrostatically adsorbed on negatively charged RNAs and the recycling of the generated Ru2+ by the Fe(III) in solution . The hybridization of the target miRNA to its complementary immobilized probe caused an increase in the electrochemical signal due to the higher amount of positively charged Ru3+ complex electrostatically adsorbed. The addition of p19 to the formed hybrid shielded the electrode surface causing a large diminution in the current density measured. A universal displacement-based sensor was also designed by incubating the p19-modified sensor in a mixture containing large concentrations of a different target miRNA and its corresponding non-thiolated RNA probe. This forced p19 to dissociate from the immobilized hybrid on the electrode surface causing a shift-back of the signal. The three sensing mode sensor combined high sensitivity without using PCR or any other enzyme-based amplification methods (5 aM or 90 molecules of miRNA per 30μL of sample), broad dynamic range (11 orders of magnitude, 10 aM to 1μM) and selectivity to discriminate miRNAs with different A/U and G/C content and single nucleotide polymorphisms (either terminal or middle SNPs). The biosensor was successfully applied and validated by quantitative real-time PCR (qPCR) for direct determination of the endogenous content of three different miRNAs (miRNA-21, miRNA-32, and miRNA-122) in human serum.
Viral proteins.Pingarróńs group has developed recently two different attractive strategies for miRNAs detection involving magnetic microparticles (MMPs), a double-tagged p19 protein and amperometric detection using the system H2O2/HQ at SPCEs. In both approaches a commercial bi-functional p19 protein cloned and expressed in Escherichia coli as a fusion protein with an amino terminal maltose binding protein (MBP) and a carboxy terminal chitin binding domain (CBD) was used. In one of the strategies, the viral protein p19 was employed as specific bioreceptor (previously immobilized through its CBD domain on Chitin-functionalized MMPs, Chitin-MMPs) for the selective capture of RNA duplexes formed by hybridization in homogeneous solution of the target miRNA and the specific biotinylated RNA probe (Fig. 2 a) . Conversely, in the second strategy, a mixture of the p19 protein and the biotinylated RNA probe/target miRNA duplex formed previously in solution was incubated together with Strep-MMPs, therefore forming the dsRNA/p19 complex which was captured onto the Strep- MMPs (Fig. 2b) . Thereafter, labeling of the captured biotinylated duplexes onto p19-MMPs using Strep-HRP or the p19-dsRNA-Strep-MMPs using anti-MBP-HRP (through the recognition of the p19 MBP domain) was performed, respectively. Upon magnetic capture of the MMPs bearing the bioconjugates on the SPCE, the catalytic current measured by amperometry at a constant potential of −0.20V (vs. the Ag pseudoreference electrode) using the H2O2/HQ system allowed LODs of 0.04  and 0.42  nM of miRNA-21 to be obtained. The applicability of these approaches was demonstrated by determining the mature target miRNAs directly in raw RNAt extracted from human cancer cells and tissues and breast cytologies from breast cancer patients.
Viral proteins.Based on the methodology developed for the determination of a single miRNA, the same group implemented a dual sensor able to detect simultaneously the expression levels of two different miRNAs in one single experiment . The approach, exemplified for miRNA-21 and miRNA-205 determination, implied the simultaneous preparation of two distinct batches of p19-protein modified MMPs, one for each target miRNA, and performing the amperometric detection at dual screen-printed carbon electrodes (SPdCEs). This platform exhibited sensitive and selective detection of both target miRNAs with linear ranges from 2.0 to 10.0nM and LODs of 0.6nM without need for amplification, in a short time (less than 2h). The usefulness of the approach was successfully demonstrated by determining the endogenous levels of both mature miRNAs in RNAt extracted from cultured breast cancer cells and human breast tumor specimens. Results presented demonstrated also that although with a ∼2-times lower sensitivity, the amperometric responses still allowed a clear discrimination between up regulated and normal mature miRNA levels in only 15min, therefore outlining the potentiality of this approach as a rapid method for screening tumor vs non-tumor tissues.
Viral proteins.Recently, another very sensitive electrochemical microRNA biosensor has been reported by Li et al. making use of a novel acridone derivative, 5,7-dinitro-2-sulfo-acridone (DSA), as electrochemical indicator, enrichment using p19-modified MMPs and DNA concatamers for signal amplification . The approach is based on the use of a bi-functional Janus probe whose sequence contains two regions, the complementary RNA oligonucleotide sequence for the target miRNA and the DNA sequence used as primer for long-range self-assembled DNA concatamers. The dsRNA formed by hybridization of the Janus probe with the target miRNA was selectively captured onto the surface of p19-MMPs and the subsequent addition of two specific auxiliary probes (AP1 and AP2) generated long DNA concatamers anchored to the MMPs. The SWV signal of the DSA intercalated into the dsDNA structures measured at a magnetic GCE was used to monitor the hybridization event and could be related with the concentration of the target miRNA. This approach allowed a linear range from 20 aM to100 aM, a LOD of 6 aM and was successfully applied to the determination of the target mature miRNA (miRNA-21) in human blood serum from three types of cancer patients (breast, lung and gastric).
Antibodies.A relevant practical limitation of the strategies involving viral proteins for miRNAs determination is the reduced stability of RNA probes compared to DNA probes  and the strong dependence of the recognition and hence of the achieved sensitivity with the RNA/RNA duplex length. To overcome these limitations some interesting electrochemical approaches have been recently developed using the combination of DNA/RNA hybridization assays with immunological process involving specific antibodies with or without enzymatic amplification. This type of recognition is independent of the sequence and since the binding epitope is of the order of 6 base pairs in size, more than one antibody will bind to a single DNA/RNA heteroduplex (conversely to that occurring with p19 protein which is able to capture only one dsRNA as a caliper). Therefore, the duplex length instead of being a limiting factor can be tailored by using additional probes to enhance the sensitivity of the assay.
Antibodies.Tran et al.  developed a simple, label-free biosensor for detection of miRNAs using a conducting polymer (CP)/reduced graphene oxide (RGO)-modified GCE (CP/RGO/GCE) to detect miRNA-29b-1 and miRNA-141 (infartus and lung cancer biomarkers, respectively). The preparation of the electrochemical biosensor involved electropolymerization of 3-(5-hydroxy-1,4-dioxo-1,4- dihydronaphthalen-2(3)-yl) propanoic acid (JUGA) and 5-hydroxy-1,4-naphthoquinone (JUG) (poly(JUG-co-JUGA)) on the RGO/GCE and the covalent grafting of NH2-specific DNA probes on CP/RGO/GCE. Two specific antibodies recognizing miRNA/DNA heteroduplexes, antipoly(A)−poly-(dT) and anti-S9.6, were evaluated. The current corresponding to the electrochemical reduction of the quinone of the CP was measured by SWV and increased upon hybridization with the target miRNA from 1 fM to 1nM due to a conformational reorganization of the double strands which created free space on the electrode surface. Conversely, the SWV current decreased after antibody complexation with the hybrid down to a concentration of 8 fM of the target miRNA. It was also shown that the antibody−hybrid complex could be dissociated by adding miRNA/DNA hybrids in solution, turning back into an on-signal and allowing a triple verification (on-off-on detection sequence) to increase the reliability of the results.
Antibodies.The same group developed another electrochemical immunosensor for the same miRNAs using enzymatic amplification and involving NH2-specific DNA probes immobilization onto screen-printed gold electrodes modified with reduced graphene oxide and carbon nanotubes (o-MWCNT/RGO/GSPEs) . After DNA/miRNA hybridization, the heteroduplexes attached to the electrode surface were recognized using antibodies directed to DNA/RNA hybrids labeled in a further step with secondary antibodies conjugated to HRP. The catalytic reduction current measured by SWV in the presence of H2O2/HQ is related to HRP amount immobilized on the surface, which itself is related to the density of heterohybrids on the electrode and hence to the target miRNA concentration. This architecture allowed a dynamic range from 10 fM to 1nM and lowered the LOD down to 10 fM.
Antibodies.Wang et al.  proposed a selective and sensitive biosensor for miRNA detection based on the use of anti-DNA/RNA hybrids antibody and alkaline phosphatase catalytic signal amplification. In this approach, a specific thiolated DNA probe was assembled onto AuNPs-modified GCE and after hybridization with the target miRNA, the resultant heteroduplex was recognized through antigen-antibody immunoreaction by the S9.6 antibody further labeled with an alkaline phosphatase conjugated goat anti-mouse IgG (ALP-IgG) (Fig. 3 ). The DPV oxidation signal of p-nitrophenol generated by the hydrolysis reaction of p-nitrophenyl catalyzed by ALP was used as electroanalytical signal. This simple strategy allowed obtaining a linear range over 0.5-500 fM, a LOD of 0.40 fM and a high selectivity towards single-base mismatched sequences. It was successfully applied to the analysis of the target miRNA (miRNA-319a) expression in rice seedlings.
Antibodies.Very recently, a new attractive electrochemical methodology for miRNAs determination was reported by Torrente-Rodríguez et al. using a DNA/RNA heteroduplex-specific antibody (AbS9.6) as capture bioreceptor, magnetic microcarriers and amperometric detection at disposable electrodes . This approach involved the use of ProtG-MMPs modified with the antibody as selective microcarriers to capture the biotinylated heterohybrids previously formed in solution by homogeneous hybridization between the biotinylated complementary DNA probe and the target miRNA. The captured biotinylated heteroduplexes were labeled with a Strep-HRP polymer and amperometric detection was performed after magnetic capture of the modified MMPs onto SPCEs and using the H2O2/HQ system (Fig. 4 ). This immunosensing approach exhibited a dynamic range from 8.2 to 250 pM and a LOD of 2.4 pM (60 amol) of the synthetic target miRNA-205. The usefulness of the method was validated by determining the endogenous content of two mature miRNAs (miRNA-21 and miRNA-205) in RNAt extracted from cancer cell lines and human fresh tumor tissues. This electrochemical bioplatform could be also applied to the simultaneous determination of both mature miRNAs in RNAt extracted from formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded (FFPE) tissue sections from different breast cancer profiles of human patients . Quantitative results achieved with 15 FFPE samples demonstrated an association of both miRNAs expression with the HER2 status of the specimens and a similar sensitivity and accuracy than that obtained in the analysis of fresh-frozen tissue samples.
General considerations and Future prospects.The widely accepted role of miRNAs in maintaining biological homeostasis and the plethora of disease states resulting from their dysregulation has heightened the need for sensitive, multiplexed, high-throughput technologies useful for their accurate and reliable determination. In particular, the ease by which an assay can be performed affects its acceptance and utilization by other researchers.
General considerations and Future prospects.The highlighted electrochemical approaches involving the use of viral proteins or specific antibodies as miRNAs recognition units, although not very numerous, demonstrate perfectly the validity of these strategies exhibiting high selectivity and affinity towards RNA/RNA and DNA/RNA heteroduplexes. Therefore, these bioreceptors are extremely appealing for the multiplexed detection of miRNAs even in complex media using simple and reasonably rapid assay formats that do not require previous labeling of the target miRNA, its reverse transcription into cDNA or RT-PCR amplification schemes, which implies a lower cost and shorter analysis time. The main advantages offered by the electrochemical methods for miRNAs determination involving the use of viral proteins and antibodies specific for RNA homo- and hetero-duplexes, respectively, compared with other electrochemical strategies reported so far [21–32] are the simplicity and short assay time since they do not require the use of multiple reagents nor involve complex and time-consuming amplification strategies. Despite their inherent simplicity, viral protein or antibodies-based electrochemical sensors feature the adequate sensitivity and selectivity to be used in practice. They provide LODs ranging from 5 aM  to 0.16μM  and have demonstrated applicability for the accurate determination of the endogenous content of the target miRNA/s in a wide variety of challenging samples: rice seedlings , cells [7,35,38,42,43,57], fresh [35,38,42,43] and FFPE  tumor tissues, breast cytologies  and human serum . The intrinsic features shown by these biosensors in terms of simplicity, short assay time and versatility to the determination of any target miRNA while keeping the required sensitivity and selectivity make them ideal to perform routine multiplexed miRNAs determinations and POC testing and to open new perspectives toward the development of novel efficient strategies not only for miRNAs determination but also for other clinically relevant RNAs.
General considerations and Future prospects.A comparison between the highlighted approaches allowed us to conclude that, in general, the use of the antibodies vs. viral proteins gave rise to more sensitive determinations and permits more versatility for tailoring sensitivity without requiring complex amplification or the use of nanomaterials and electrode modification protocols. Moreover, the immobilization strategies while keeping their biorecognition affinities are better established for antibodies than for viral proteins.
General considerations and Future prospects.With multiple alternatives to improve sensitivity and the beginnings of their translation to perform multiple detections, the first few big steps along the road to novel affinity bioreceptors-based electrochemical approaches for miRNAs detection and monitoring have been taken. However, several issues, such as critical and fully validations using complex biological or patient samples against the gold standards and their implementation in automatic and portable devices, must be still addressed before these novel strategies reaching widespread use and acceptability among the current standard PCR or Northern blotting methods.
General considerations and Future prospects.Furthermore, the development of new recombinant techniques for the efficient expression of these selectivity affinity agents with different tags improving also their commercial availability, and a better understanding of the interaction mechanism of these bioreceptors with the small RNAs will be helpful to tailor their specificity and affinity for specific miRNAs in order to meet specific applications and needs. These aspects are expected to play a major role in the implementation of simpler and cheaper strategies. However, an endless streams of attractive reports based on the coupling of the unique features of these receptors with novel technological advances in the field of electrochemical biosensing should be expected in the way of overcoming these challenges.
Introduction.Considering energy storage devices, supercapacitors synergistically inherit properties of high energy dense batteries and high power dense capacitors. Subclasses of supercapacitors are pseudo-capacitor and Electric Double Layer Capacitors (EDLC). The former stores energy by means of intercalation, redox reactions or electro-sorption  and the latter ones by the formation of Helmholtz double layer. Among seven basic conducting polymers , PANI is one of the polymers that possess π backbone which is made up of a chain of repeating benzenamine molecules that can easily co-ordinate with metal ions  attributing to good electrical , optical  and sensing properties .
Introduction.PANI can be dissolved and casted as thin films, by doping it in an acidic solvent like HCl  during preparation and PANI is a cost-effective polymer with high storage capacity  making it potentially viable for pseudo-capacitor application . Based on the oxidation states of PANI, it has been classified into seven different interconvertible forms, in which the emeraldine salt form is the only conducting form . The pH of the solvent used during PANI synthesis determine its oxidation state, which when altered gives another form of PANI. The pH at which interconversion takes place is called transition pH . Henceforth, the oxidation state decides the end applications of PANI. Some of the PANI applications include pseudo capacitors , electromagnetic interference shielding, filtering membranes , solar cells , gas sensors, battery electrodes, corrosion resistant coats and much more. Each one of these applications demand certain physicochemical characteristics of PANI. For instance, in a dye sensitized solar cell (DSSC), the photo conversion efficiency has been enhanced by adapting conducting polymer fabricated FTO photo anode instead of typical Pt fabricated ones . In another instance, migration of electrochemical product between electrodes in a DSSC is avoided by the use of sulfonated PANI electrolyte which also enhances the photo conversion efficiency .
Introduction.PANI is doped using acids at the time of polymerization of aniline, producing PANI-dopant complexes. The properties of PANI-polymer complexes like presence of defects, conductivity, morphology and oxidation state are the core deciding factors for its viability as a supercapacitor. The defects may be in form of polarons or bipolarons which can be identified collectively by UV/Vis spectroscopy and Electron Spin Resonance (ESR) measurement . Methods to produce ordered morphological PANI (using liquid crystal soft template) with high electrical conductivity , composites of PANI with metals [18–20], carbon nanotubes , graphene [21–24], co-polymers, ferrite  to enhance conductivity have been addressed.
Introduction.These studies suggest researchers to produce PANI either by electro-polymerization  or by wet chemical oxidative synthesis. As in case of sensors, catalysts, bio-remediation and energy storage materials, PANI had been produced electrochemically  or had been spun as fibres  (sequential polymerization and electrospinning), nonetheless both methods have their own demerits; former limits the quantity of end product PANI-dopant complex, latter necessitates addition of external material to increase the viscosity of PANI. This work details a technique (wet chemical polymerization of aniline), producing PANI with better homogeneity, morphology, conductivity which is achieved by optimization of Chemical Equivalent Ratio (CER) (ratio of concentrations of oxidant-to-monomer), through the use of a biphasic medium (isopropanol: water) and oxidizing agent (FeCl3) that has weakest oxidation potential (for reducing agglomeration of nanoscale PANI) facilely producing emeraldine salt, alleviating the need of adding templates (hard and soft) and/or adding foreign substance thereby, enhancing the total conductivity, coulombic efficiency, pseudo-capacitance simultaneously bringing down the average particle size of PANI, which is deployable as a supercapacitor.
Chemical and reagents.The reagents used are aniline (monomer), Iron (III) chloride (weak oxidant), iso-propanol, hydrochloric acid (protonating acid) supplied by Aldrich and other chemicals from SRL.
Apparatus.PANI samples of different CER are checked for their optical absorbance by UV/Vis spectroscopy using Perkin Elmer's Lambda 35 UV Visible spectrometer at room temperature (30 °C) to record the absorbance of CER variants. Also, aliquots of solid PANI are compressed into circular discs with dried potassium bromide (KBr) for FTIR transmittance analysis using Spectra RX1 instrument Perkin Elmer instrument operating in the frequency range of 4000 cm−1 - 400 cm−1. The oxidation state and surface composition of powder PANI are identified by thermo scientific XPS spectrometer with Al Kα X-ray source (1486.6 eV photons). Powdered PANI fractions adhered to double sided tapes mounted on sample holder were used. An X-Ray source of 12 KV and 10 mA from an electron gun with Al as target were used.
Apparatus.Laser Raman spectroscopic measurements were carried out by Renishaw InVia Raman microscope excited using a semiconductor diode laser at 785 nm utilizing only 5% of total laser power. The surface morphology of the polyaniline samples are electron micro-graphed using a Carl Zeiss MA15/EVO18 electron microscope having a resolution of 3.0 nm accelerating at 30 KV with single electron detector. The energy dispersive analyses were done using Oxford Instruments Nano Analysis INCA Energy 250 microanalysis system. Electrical characterizations and I–V studies were carried out in Keithley 4200 instrument at room temperature (30 °C).
Apparatus.The electrochemical studies such as cyclic voltammetry (CV), electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) and constant current discharge (CCD) supercapacitor cell tests were carried out using a 3-cell electrode system interfaced to CH instrument model CHI608C. The sweep rates for CV were varied from 10, 20, 50 and 100 mVs−1. EIS measurements were done in open circuit voltage with AC voltage amplitude of 5 mV having frequency ranging 0.01 Hz–105 Hz. Constant current discharge supercapacitor cell test was performed in a 3-cell electrode system with Pt foil as current collector, single calomel electrode as reference and 0.5 M H2SO4 as electrolyte. The working electrode used had been fabricated from a thin film of active material as described in section 2.4 and the potential was swept from 0 to +0.6 V with constant current of 3 mAg−1
Polymerization of aniline.The work involves polymerization of aniline in biphasic medium containing distilled water and 2- propanol in a 1:1 vol/vol (v/v) ratio. This biphasic medium reduces the quick oxidation of aniline thereby reducing cross-linking formation in PANI. In addition to this, the oxidant FeCl3 possessing weak oxidizing potential decreases the oxidation rate of aniline which attributes towards linear polymer chain formation in PANI.
Polymerization of aniline.The synthesis involves two major steps such as oxidation and subsequent protonation as shown in the reaction scheme that follows. a) Polymerization: Image 1 b) Protonation: Image 2
Polymerization of aniline.The oxidation involves preparation of monomer and oxidant solutions separately. Reactions were carried out by varying the concentration of oxidant concentration so that CER varies from 0.50 through 1.50 in steps of 0.25. Hence, the aniline (monomer) concentration was fixed to be 0.2 M whereas the concentration of the FeCl3 (oxidant) is varied from 0.1 M through 0.3 M in steps of 0.05 M. The preparation of monomer solution involves dissolution of 0.2 M aniline in 200 ml of distilled water and the oxidant solution is obtained by dissolving various concentrations (0.10 M, 0.15 M, 0.20 M, 0.25 M and 0.30 M) of ferric chloride in 200 ml of isopropyl alcohol.
Polymerization of aniline.The oxidation of aniline is carried out by drop-wise addition of oxidant solution to the monomer solution which is under constant stirring. During reaction, the addition of few drops of oxidant solution turns a colourless monomer solution into a pale yellow solution. As the amount of oxidant solution increases, the colour changes from pale yellow to green and after complete addition of oxidant solution the solution turns into dark green colour which was then stirred constantly for 4 h in order to attain uniform dispersion of the reactant. After constant stirring, the solution was allowed to age for 24 h, subsequently centrifuged at 4500 rpm for 25 min allowing polyaniline to settle down and the clear supernatant solution is discarded.
Polymerization of aniline.The solutions containing varying concentrations of oxidant molarity were synthesized through the above described protocol. The prepared PANI was protonated by addition of required amounts of 0.2 M hydrochloric acid for 24 h and recovered from hydrochloric acid by centrifugation at 4500 rpm for 25 min. The protonated PANI was mixed with excess acetone and dried at 60 °C for 2 h giving dried protonated PANI which was then finely ground using mortar and pestle for 20 min.
Fabrication of polyaniline modified glassy carbon electrode.Analyses of pseudo-capacitive properties of PANI CER variants were done by electrochemical experiments in a three electrodes cell using liquid electrolyte of 0.5 M H2SO4 aqueous solution. Prepared samples of PANI are mixed with carbon black and Pvdf (polyvinylidene difluoride) (binder) in ratio of 8:1:1 respectively, altogether weighing 5 mg which is brush coated onto a precleaned glassy carbon electrode, with N-methyl Pyrrolidone. The coated electrodes were calcined at 180 °C for 6 h that served as working electrode. Pt foil and electrode were employed as counter and reference electrodes respectively.
Determination of optical band gap of CER variants.The PANI samples are tested for their optical absorbance properties using UV/Vis spectroscopic technique (Fig S1a). The characteristic polyaniline absorption peak was observed at 319 nm confirming the presence of benzenoid π -π* transition of polyaniline. The band gap of the CER variants is calculated using the formula, (1) α = ( 2.3003 × A ) = K × ( hυ − E g ) 1 2 where α denotes absorption coefficient, A stands for absorbance, K denotes empirical constant that is proportional to the thickness of polymer. Eg is the energy gap of CER variants which is to be determined and hν is the photon energy. Plotting α2 vs hν gives a straight line whose intercept on x-axis gives the Eg value. The band gap values calculated are shown in Fig. S1b. On an average the CER variants possess Eg of around 3.414 eV which is in par with the work of Giuliani, E. et al. .
FTIR analysis.The samples were examined using FTIR for their transmittance characteristics, in which all the CER variants exhibit two dominant peaks at 1569 cm−1 and 1481 cm−1 attributing to the presence of quinoid (CC stretching) and benzenoid rings respectively. The peak at 1294 cm−1 is assigned to the polaronic structure of PANI (Fig. S1c). In addition to these dominant peaks, the peaks at 1139, 812 and 671 cm−1 were observed due to the aromatic CH in plane bending. The intensity ratios of Quinoid to Benzenoid structures (i.e.) IQ 1569/IB 1481 are calculated and tabulated (Table S1). The table shows that, the intensity ratio of all samples is close to one, indicating that the CER variants were synthesized in emeraldine form.
Raman analysis.The Raman spectroscopic analysis of PANI (Fig. S1d), exhibited characteristic stretches and vibrations at 1589 cm−1 indicative of CC stretching of benzene ring (W. Yang et al. ), 1501 cm−1 vibrations arising due to CN stretching . The presence of 1344 cm−1 rooted from CNH* stretching in polarons  is attributed to the formation of PANI through poly-semi-quinone radical formation, 1168 cm−1 shows CH in-plane bending of emeraldine salt (M. Blaha et al. ) the in-plane and out-of-plane bends of benzene ring are notified by the presence of 802 cm−1  peak and finally peak at 517 cm−1 is indicative of torsion of CNC and CN out-of-plane bending . Henceforth it is observed that, the synthesized PANI samples are in emeraldine salt form despite the variation of Chemical Equivalent Ratio (CER).
Electron spectroscopy for chemical analysis.The X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy identifies four major components from the survey spectra (not shown) such as nitrogen, chlorine, oxygen and carbon. Among them nitrogen and chlorine de-convolution has contributed for extraction of some useful information. The N1s spectra had clearly shown the presence of higher binding energy tails. It is noted from the previous works of K. L. Tan et al.  and J. Yue et al.  that the N1s species of emeraldine salt is composed of three components like imine nitrogen (-N = ), amine nitrogen (NH) and positively charged nitrogen (N+) positioned at 398.1 eV, 399.3 eV and beyond 401 eV respectively, with respect to these results, N1s deconvolution of CER variants had proven that, the binding energy of imine shifted by 1 eV to a maximum of 1.6 eV as shown in the Fig. 1 a(0.75 CER variant) and see Fig. S2 for the rest whose corresponding parameters are tabulated (see Table S2), which is attributable to the preferential protonation of imine sites by protons' enforcement from dissociated HCl molecule. Since the oxidant (FeCl3) used has a very low oxidation potential, the N 1s envelope of reactions involving low CER (variants 0.50 and 0.75) has two components they are amine and delocalized N+ species, whereas the reactions involving higher CER (variants 1.00, 1.25 and 1.50) has three components namely N+ with localized charges produced due to the vicinity of Cl ions, N+ ions with lesser binding energy and amine components.
Determination of doping level of emeraldine salts.The doping level was calculated from the survey spectra through [Cl]/[N] ratio for all the CER variants. In another method, the doping level was found from ratio of positively charged nitrogen to total nitrogen content ([N+]/[N]) in which the N+ is obtained from the de-convoluted N1s species. The deconvolution of Cl 2p species of polyaniline CER variants clearly shows two components as revealed by the presence of a shoulder peak as shown in Fig. 1b (0.75 CER variant) and see Fig. S3 for the rest. The localization of N+ atoms at 198 eV occurs due to highly electronegative covalent chlorine. The unreacted chlorine anions are located at 200.2 eV. The deconvolution results of Cl 2p are shown Table 1 . It is evident from the deconvolution that linewidth of the components is not decreasing for the reactions involving CER greater than 1.15 which substantiate that, during protonation, despite the conversion of imine to amine components, all CER variants of PANI remain in emeraldine salt form. Also, the delocalized charges gradually shift to higher binding energy tail due to the presence of localized charges in the vicinity of Cl atoms. The emeraldine salt formation is thus confirmed from XPS spectra which is supported by the appearance of green colour precipitate in reaction chamber (since other non-conducting forms of PANI i.e. protonated pernigraniline, pernigraniline base and emeraldine base exhibit blue, violet and blue colours respectively and leucoemeraldine being colourless as described by J. Stejskal et al. . The emeraldine formation is also supported through IR and Raman spectra. It has to be noted that even the least CER variant (0.50) having an oxidant concentration of 0.10 M FeCl3 produced emeraldine form of PANI even though FeCl3 being a weak oxidant compared to ammonium persulfate.
Determination of doping level of emeraldine salts.The formation of polyaniline in emeraldine form is a consequence of controlled synthesis conditions such as the reaction temperature (35–40°), duration of synthesis (6 h) and concentration of HCl (0.2 M). Moreover, these synthesized conditions not only favoured the formation of PANI emeraldine but also avoids degradation of polymers through hydrolysis that usually occurs simultaneously with polymerization. It is inferred from Table 1 (calculated from Fig. S3) that, the elemental ratio [Cl]/[N] is higher than N+/NH and the CER variants (0.50, 0.75, 1.00, 1.25 and 1.50) are 16%, 15%, 47%, 19% and 33% doped respectively. Level of protonation is also calculated via atomic weight percent ratio of [Cl]/[N] for all CER variants (obtained from survey spectra) is tabulated (Table 1).
Cyclic voltammetric analysis.The properties of PANI CER variants were examined at different scan rates of 10, 20, and 100 mVs−1 in order to study their pseudo-capacitive behaviour. From Fig. 2 a and Fig. S4a through S4c it has been observed that the polymers exhibit good oxidation and reduction peaks that are completely reversible. Noticeably, for all scan rate experiments, samples having CER<1.00 and variants>1.00 exhibit prominent redox peaks whereas the variant that has CER = 1 has reduced redox peaks with less area enclosed. It clearly indicates that, in variant CER = 1, the oxidant added completely oxidizes the monomers and or oligomers consequently leaving polymer that is void of both free electrons and holes contributing to lowered redox activity.
Cyclic voltammetric analysis.A pair of oxidation and reduction peaks occurring in CER variant represents the transition between emeraldine and pernigraniline states of the polyaniline. It is noteworthy that the CER variant 1.50 have the highest area enclosed albeit varying scan rates, on the other hand, variant of CER 1.00 have the lowest area enclosed despite varying scan rate. Though, the expression of suppressed reduction peak in certain variants (0.50 and 1.25) in cyclic voltammetry and representation of three types of nitrogen species in XPS for variants 1.00, 1.25 and 1.50 collectively suggest the chance of overoxidation , the presence of reduction peak in variant with maximum oxidant concentration (1.50) and colour invariance of CER variants after electrochemical studies substantiate the reversibility of faradaic processes without deforming the conjugated π backbone of the polymer during oxidation.
Determination of specific capacitance of CER variants.It is a practice of research community to fix 50 mVs−1 (scan rate) as a scale of measurement for pseudo-capacitance. The pseudo capacitance values of all CER variants is displayed in Table 2 , whose values of specific capacitances (Cs) were calculated by (2) C s = Q m × υ × Δ v where Q is the mathematical area enclosed by a half cycle of the polymer, m is the mass of the active material coated (approximately 5 mg neglecting meager loss during brush coating) and ΔV is the potential window used for the scan, here the potential is swept from −0.2 V to +0.8 V giving a potential window of 1 V. The specific capacitances of CER variants are plotted against scan rates as shown in Fig. 2b. It is observed that the variant CER = 1.00 has the lowest capacitance amongst others.
Calculation of diffusion co-efficient of CER variants.It is to be noted that the plot of υ 1 2 vs peak current as shown in Fig. 2c, is linear for all CER variants proving that the process of redox reactions taking place in polymer samples are diffusion controlled. The diffusion co-efficient for CER variants is calculated using Randles-Sevcik equation (Equation (3)) , (3) I p = ( 2.687 × 10 5 ) × n 3 2 × A × D 0 1 2 × C × υ 1 2 where Ip is the peak current, n = 2 (considering 2 ion diffusion), A = 1 cm2 (area of working electrode taking part in reaction), Do is diffusion co-efficient, C is the concentration of the electrolyte (0.5) and υ is the sweep rate (50 mVs−1). The values of diffusion co-efficient are tabulated in Table 3 (also see Table S3) which clearly proves that the high rate of diffusion of PANI samples without any hybridization, makes it potentially viable for pseudo capacitor application.
Constant current discharge supercapacitor cell test.The results of constant current discharge test are shown in Fig. 2d that gives the values of main parameters of a supercapacitor like capacitance of material under test, cell resistance (ESR), equivalent distributed resistance (EDR) which were calculated from Equations (4)–(6) respectively . (4) C = I d t d U 1 − U 2 · Fg −1 (5) ESR = U 4 I d · Ω (6) EDR = U 3 I d · Ω
Constant current discharge supercapacitor cell test.As noted from Table 2, CER variants exhibit a low value of ESR and high values of intrinsic capacitance exemplifying the high performance of CER variants. The thinness of activated material coated onto Ni foil and the interface between electrode and current collector is kept to a minimum so that pristine values of conductivities were measured.
Electrochemical impedance spectroscopic analysis of CER variants.The Nyquist plot of CER variants is shown in Fig. 3 a. The impedance did not explicitly show a semicircle instead a mild distortion appears at high frequency region. Apart from HF range intermediate frequency and low frequency inputted impedance data did not show any identifiable deviation from the trend of increasing impedance with decrease in frequency. The impedance value reaches a maximum at low frequency (near DC) acting similar to an ideal capacitor.
Electrochemical impedance spectroscopic analysis of CER variants.The high frequency response starts below the real axis and shake up peaks appear above the real axis from which a single semicircle had been extrapolated for a simplified Randle's circuit (Fig. 3b) comprising of solution resistance Rs which in series with a RC combination comprising of charge transfer resistance Rct parallel to double layer capacitor Cdl. The values of these parameters are tabulated in Table 3. Depending upon the characteristic curves of CER variants, the Warburg impedance is neglected during equivalent circuit fitting and constant phase element is replaced with Cdl. The low Rct depicts less resistance to charge transfer as the variants were in emeraldine form at the start of examination. As mentioned early, capacitive impedance values are observable at intermediate and near DC frequency inputs regardless of the CER variant under test.
Electrochemical impedance spectroscopic analysis of CER variants.Fig. 3c, shows capacitances derived from equivalent circuit fittings to the Nyquist plot and plotted in complex capacitance plane. As could be seen for polypyrrole , single semicircle was not obtained in case of CER variants, indicative of spontaneous response to AC, with least inherent charge transfer resistance (Rct). The complex capacitances of CER variants were derived from the relation, C = 1/jωZ, when, the Z is expanded and taking a simplified Randle's cell into consideration, the relation between complex capacitance and complex impedance was obtained as written in Equations (7) and (8). (7) C ′ = − Z ″ [ 2 R s + R ct ] ωR ct ( Z ′ + Z ″ 2 + R s 2 − 2 Z ′ R s ) (8) C ″ = j Z ′ 2 + Z ″ 2 − Z ′ [ 2 R s + R ct ] + R s 2 + R s R ct ωR ct ( Z ′ 2 + Z ″ + R s 2 − 2 Z ′ R s ) where Rs and Rct are solution (0.5 M H2SO4) and charge transfer resistances respectively, ω is angular frequency (2πf), Z′ is real part and Z″ is the imaginary part of complex impedance of CER variants. The intrinsic capacitances of CER variants can be directly calculated in the high frequency region whereas, the real capacitance after application of AC voltage can be depicted with the use of parameters of impedance data fitted with appropriate equivalent circuit. The intrinsic capacitances have a minimum value of 1 Fg−1 and the capacitance increases to a maximum of 30 Fg−1 (variant 0.75) as measured from constant current cell test. This maximum value of storage capacity may be attributable to the high surface area of CER variants. Since the capacitance plot did not exhibit a semicircle nature, it can be inferred that, the CER variants were in emeraldine salt before the start of the EIS analysis. As can be seen in Fig. 2a, there is a pair of redox peak corresponding to the transitions between emeraldine and pernigraniline state substantiating the fact.
DC characteristics.Emeraldine salt form of PANI usually possesses a total (AC and DC) electrical conductivity in the range of 0.001–100 S cm−1 as reported by S. M. Reda et al. .and Y. Zhang et al. . Though the CER variants are electrically conducting, the samples of polyaniline were subjected to AC electrochemical impedance analysis and DC electrical studies. Table 3 shows conductivities of all CER variants. The AC electrochemical impedance analyses show higher values of impedance indicating that the CER variants are highly DC conducting. DC electrical conductivity of the samples are calculated using the following equation, (9) σ DC = t R × A · Ω · cm −1 where, t is thickness of the sample, R slope of I–V curve, A is area of the sample which is in contact with the probes here we prepared circular discs for analyses, so its area is πr2 (r is the radius = 8 mm).
AC characteristics.From the resistance values calculated from the Nyquist plot, the ionic conductivity of the CER variants were determined employing Equation (9), where R is replaced with Rs (solution resistance) and their corresponding AC conductivity (σΑC) and total conductivity (σTOT) were derived and tabulated (Table 3). The conductivity values calculated from Equation (9), have shown values around 102 S cm−1 proving higher conductivities obtained via emeraldine salt form. The total conductivities are plotted against samples of varying CER (supporting information Fig. S4d) which shows a rise in conductivity for sample synthesized at CER 0.75 elsewhere it varies uniformly, forming a curve almost parallel to the x-axis proving their ability to be deployed in energy applications.
Coulombic efficiency of CER variants.Also, the coulombic efficiency of the CER variants is calculated using the Equation (10) as stated in work of Gómez, H. et al. , (10) η = t c t d × 100 % where tc is the charging time and td is the discharging time, its corresponding plot is shown in Fig. 3d, in which, the variant (CER 0.50) expressed maximum efficiency (90.728%) shown in green colour and the variant (CER 1.00) expressed lowest efficiency (53.932%) shown in red colour. The surface morphologies of all the variants of PANI exhibited an irregular agglomerated morphology (Fig. S5) since synthesis is not assisted by any soft template or any surfactant. The particle size varies from 2 to 4 μm range. The EDAX spectra of the CER variants have shown their elemental composition comprising of C, N and O atoms also the unreacted and unseparated FeCl3 oxidant have shown its presence in EDAX (supporting information Fig. S6). These results give a conclusive fact on the formation of polyaniline, in emeraldine salt state owing to their high conductivity and good electrochemical behaviour making them deployable in modern pseudo capacitors.
Conclusions.The synthesized CER variants of PANI have shown them to exist in emeraldine salt form confirmed by IR, Raman and XPS studies. UV/Vis spectroscopy have shown characteristic peak of PANI (300 nm) whereas the peak at 420 nm is diminished indicating the absence of quinoid transition implying the conversion of imine to amine components whereas IR, Raman and XPS studies suggest the oxidation state of PANI to be emeraldine salt which can be correlated with redox couples in CV (reversible reactions between emeraldine and pernigraniline). The CV studied at different sweep rates have shown similar faradaic process occurring in all CER variants, with changes in area enclosed between oxidation and reduction curves. The results obtained from constant current discharge cell test shows that the CER variants exhibit low distributed and charge transfer resistances. The EIS analysis exhibit the CER variants behaving like a near ideal capacitor with low RS, Rct as almost blocking low frequency (near DC) inputs. The resistivity values are calculated for AC and DC inputs to CER variants, whose corresponding conductivities show a high value of 1.29 × 103 S cm−1 obtained through higher diffusion of ions in fabricated electrodes. Amongst all CER variants, the 0.75 variant exhibit better conductivity and coulombic efficiency with highest capacitance complying with the requirements of modern supercapacitors.
Introduction.Beyond the horizon of Li-ion batteries, rechargeable lithium-sulfur (Li-S) batteries nowadays hold the promise of prolonging electric vehicles’ mileage. Predominately, the Li-S cathode discharge electrochemistry is the lithiation of S8 to form Li2S at the cathode (S8 +16Li+ +16e− → 8Li2S), with Li stripping occurring at the anode (Li − e−→ Li+) [1–9]. Though the high specific capacities of Li anode (3860mAhg−1) and sulfur cathode (1673mAhg−1) render a high theoretical specific energy for the Li-S battery, critical issues arise from the inherent multiple-step cathodic reactions (S8 → S 8 2 − → S 6 2 − → S 4 2 − →Li2S). One is the dissolution of reactive polysulfide anions (so called “shuttle effect”), which can irreversibly passivate the Li anode and shorten the battery’s cycle life. The other concerns for the insulating nature of Li2S (<10−14 Scm−1 RT) as the final discharge product, leading to the necessity to facilitate Li2S precipitation in the conductive matrix [10–13].
Introduction.A variety of sulfur cathodes has thus been designed to fulfill the roles of conductive host as well as polysulfide reservoir. The conductive matrix is usually carbon material with different pore scales. One approach is to encapsulate sulfur in the microporous or mesoporous carbon, which confines polysulfides and Li2S within the pores and thus mitigates the polysulfide shuttle effect [11,14–20]. Though the battery’s cycle life can be prolonged, such a confinement strategy meets the challenge of the inferior sulfur loading and requires the use of metallic current collector . An alternative approach is to adopt porous current collectors, such as the carbon paper, carbon cloth, CNT paper and graphene sponge, which eliminates the use of metallic current collectors and allows for using energy dense polysulfides (Li2S8 or Li2S6) as the starting active material [21–35]. A higher areal sulfur loading can be usually attained owing to their more porous structure. However, there are usually loose bindings between non-polar carbon and polysulfides/Li2S, leading to (i) fast polysulfide dissolution and aggravated side reactions on the Li anode; (ii) the sluggish Li2S precipitation reaction ( 2 L i + + 1 4 S 4 2 − + 3 2 e − → L i 2 S ), and thus a lower utilization of active material [22–24,36–38].
Introduction.Identifying polysulfide binding material (PBM) is thus critical for improving the battery’s performance and has drawn increasing research efforts [11,13,39–47]. Polar metal oxides, such as Al2O3, TiO2 and Ti4O7, have been identified to adsorb electron-donating polysulfides on their electron-accepting metal sites by forming Lewis acid-base bonds [48–52]. It is reported that exploring metal oxides with lithiation potential higher than the sulfur redox reactions, such as δ-MnO2 and V2O5, can facilitate the transformation of polysulfides to Li2S by generating thiosulfate/polythionate redox mediators [41,49,53]. In addition to controlling polysulfide shuttles, with facile adsorption of polysulfides, adding polysulfide binding material can also provide controllable amounts of Li2S nucleation sites, which shows a potential for accelerating Li2S precipitation kinetics [12,49,54–56]. Though promising, a constraining factor is that the majority of PBMs are nonconductive and the absorbed polysulfides need to diffuse to the conductive carbon to undergo further reactions . Enabling conductive polysulfide binding nanostructure that balances surface adsorption and reactions is thus of a notable significance.
Introduction.To address this issue, an efficient nanostructured carbon cloth electrode is proposed for Li-polysulfide batteries (sulfur loading 4.8mgcm−2) in this work. Specifically, we synthesized self-supported TiO2 nanowires onto the carbon fiber surface. We show that, with nitrogen doping, the electrical conductivity as well as the polysulfide binding ability of the formed nanowires can be enhanced spontaneously, which facilitate both polysulfide adsorption and Li2S precipitation. As a result, batteries assembled with N-TiO2 nanowire decorated carbon cloth (denoted as N-TiO2 NW @ CC) electrodes show a much more stable cycling performance and a remarkable increase in discharge capacity (1210mAhg−1 at 0.2C and 600mAhg−1 at 1C), much better than the control group of pristine carbon cloth (890mAhg−1 at 0.2C and 210mAhg−1 at 1C).
Material preparation.The Li2S8 solution was prepared by dissolving a desired amount of stoichiometric S and Li2S in 1,3-dioxolane (DOL)/1,2-dimethoxyethane (DME) solution (1:1 in volume) with the addition of 1M LiTFSI and LiNO3 additive (1wt.%). For the typical preparation of 0.5M Li2S8 solution, 0.560g of S and 0.115g of Li2S were added to 5mL of DOL/DME (1:1) based electrolyte. The obtained suspension was stirred and heated at 80°C overnight to yield red-brown Li2S8 solution.
Preparation of N-TiO.Free-standing TiO2 nanowires were grown directly on carbon cloth by a two-step process . Carbon cloths (6.0cm×3.0cm) were thoroughly rinsed with ethanol, and then dried at room temperature for 12h. The cleaned carbon cloths were immersed into 0.2M titanium(IV) chloride aqueous solution for 10min and blow-dried with compressed air. The dried carbon cloths were further heated on a hotplate in air at 350°C for 10min, forming TiO2 nanoparticles on the carbon fiber surface (TiO2 nanoparticle seeded substrate). 18.75mL of concentrated hydrochloric acid (35%) was diluted with 18.75mL deionized (DI) water, and mixed with 0.56mL titanium n-butoxide. This clear solution mixture together with the carbon cloth coated with TiO2 seeds were transferred to a Teflon-lined stainless steel autoclave (50mL volume). The sealed autoclave was heated in an electric oven at 150 °C for 6hours, and then cool down slowly at room temperature. A white TiO2 nanowire film was uniformly coated on the carbon cloth surface. The obtained carbon cloth was further annealed in air at 550°C for 1hour to stabilize the nanowire structure. The areal loading of TiO2 NW (1.60±0.15mgcm−2) was determined by measuring the weights of carbon cloths before and after the hydrothermal synthesis.
Preparation of N-TiO.To convert TiO2 to nitrogen doped-TiO2 (N-TiO2), the samples were respectively annealed under ammonia atmosphere at temperatures of 700 °C or 800 °C for 1.5h. The color of the nanowire film transformed from white to black subsequent to the annealing process.
Cell assembly and test.One piece of lithium foil (16mm diameter) was placed onto the bottom Cu cell body. One piece of Celgard (2500) separator (18 diameter) was placed onto the lithium foil, following by the addition of 12μL DOL/DME electrolyte (1M LiTFSI and LiNO3 additive (1wt.%). Subsequently, a piece of hydrophilic carbon cloth (10mm, 0.79cm−2) was exploited as the cathode and 30μL 0.5M Li2S8 catholyte was uniformly dropped onto the carbon cloth cathode, with a theoretical areal sulfur loading around 4.8mgcm−2 (S → Li2S). The galvanostatic discharge and charge tests were conducted on a battery cycling system (Neware, CT-3008W) at room temperature (298K).
Material characterization.The discharged cathodes after cycling were soaked in pure DME for 10minutes and then dried before SEM observation. JSM-6700F field emission SEM instruments were used for micrograph observation at an acceleration voltage of 5.0kV. Transmission electron-microscopy (TEM) images of N-TiO2 nanowires were measured by a high-resolution JEOL 2010F TEM system with a LaB6 lament at 200kV. The samples were dispersed in ethanol, sonicated and dripped onto the regular carbon-coated Cu grids. The crystal phase and composition of the nanowires were analyzed by a Philips high-resolution X-ray diffraction system (XRD, model PW 1825) using a Cu-Ka source operating at 40keV and a Micro-Raman spectrophotometer (Renishaw RM 3000) at an excitation wavelength of 514nm.
Soaking experiment and surface analysis.20mM Li2S4 solution was also prepared by dissolving a desired amount of stoichiometric S and Li2S in 1,3-dioxolane (DOL)/1,2-dimethoxyethane (DME) solution (1:1 in volume) electrolyte. Commercial TiO2 and TiN powders with similar particle sizes (∼30nm) were obtained from Sigma-Aldrich. To convert TiO2 to nitrogen doped-TiO2 (N-TiO2), the samples were respectively annealed under ammonia atmosphere at temperatures of 700, 800°C for 1.5h. 20mg sample material (#1-4) were added into 1mL 20mM Li2S4 in DOL/DME respectively and the obtained suspensions were rigorously sonicated for 1h before observation. To prepare the samples for XPS surface analysis, the sample material impregnated with Li2S4 were filtered, dried in the glove box and transferred to the XPS setup in a sealed box to exclude the effects of moisture and oxygen. The X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) was performed using a Physical Electronics PHI 5600 multi-technique system equipped with an Al monochromatic X-ray source at a power of 350W. The binding energy values were all calibrated using the C 1s peak at 285.0eV.
Results and discussion.The carbon cloth (Fig. 1 a) was exploited as the current collector in Li-polysulfide batteries, as it renders an excellent liquid absorbence for the semi-liquid cathode and accommodates the volume change induced by the charge/discharge product formation over repeated cycles owing to its robust interwoven structure [22,23,30,58,59]. TiO2, as one of the earliest recognized polysulfide binding material was selected [14,25,32–34]. In the latter section, we demonstrate that by growing one-dimensional TiO2 nanowire on the carbon fiber surface and improving TiO2’s surface properties (nitrogen doping) (Fig. 1b), an enlarged electrode/electrolyte interface, a stronger polysulfide binding ability as well as an excellent electronic conductivity can be spontaneously rendered for the electrode surface (Fig. 1c, d) .
Results and discussion.As shown in Fig. 2 a, the pristine carbon fiber is usually highly graphitized and possesses a smooth morphology . To prepare the N-TiO2 @ CC electrode, a dense TiO2 nanowire coverage was firstly obtained by hydrothermal synthesis followed by thermal treatment in air. These stabilized nanowires adhere to the surface of the carbon fiber without any binder, which is beneficial for exposing larger active surface to the electrolyte. On the other hand, surface properties of TiO2 can be improved by reducing Ti4+ and creating oxygen vacancies. Previous studies have reported that hydrogen-reduced TiO2 (TinO2n-1) can function as an efficient sulfur host [49,61,62]. However, it is usually demanding to construct freestanding TinO2n-1 structure as the hydrogen reduction of TiO2 requires a higher annealing temperature (usually above 1000°C) and can usually destroy the nanostructured electrode . In addition to hydrogen reduction, we realize that a facile and effective route to reduce Ti4+ is nitrogen doping. The abundant Ti-N bonds render the N-TiO2 a narrow band gap and thus facilitate charge transfer . Also, the electron-accepting oxygen vacancies formed by the Ti-N bonds allow for a more facile binding with the electron-donating polysulfides [65–67]. Therefore, nitrogen doping in the formed nanowires can contribute to improve the electronic conductivity and polysulfide binding ability spontaneously.
Results and discussion.Conversion of TiO2 to N-TiO2 was realized by annealing the samples under NH3 atmosphere at 800°C to avoid heat distortion on the nanowire morphology. The crystal structure of the obtained N-TiO2 nanowires was analyzed by high-resolution transmission electron microscopy (HRTEM) as shown in Fig. 2(b, c). The images reveal that the deposited nanowire possesses a high degree of crystallinity with an interfringe distance of about 2.48Å, which can be indexed to the (111) plane of the face-centered cubic-structured TiN. Moreover, as shown in Fig. 2d and e, a dense layer of nanowire coverage on the carbon fiber was successfully obtained.
Results and discussion.XRD measurement was further conceived to confirm the structure transformation after nitrogen doping as can be seen in Fig. 2f. The original TiO2 sample shows intense peaks of rutile TiO2 (JCPDS#21-1276). After nitridation at 800°C, the obtained samples exhibit diffraction peaks at 36.7°, 42.6°, 61.8°, corresponding to the (111), (200) and (220) planes of the cubic TiN phase (JCPDS#65-0714) . Such conversion can be further verified with the Raman spectra in Fig. 2g. The TiO2 sample displays four characteristic peaks at around 145, 236, 445 and 609cm−1, while after nitridation the TiN phase shows other three peaks at around 201, 323 and 552cm−1. The cubic TiN phase has thus been successfully obtained after nitridation, in well consistence with the XRD measurement.
Results and discussion.The as-prepared nanowire structured electrode is expected to exhibit polysulfide binding ability. Here, we probe the role of nitrogen doping in the chemisorption function of TiO2 material, exploiting soaking experiment as well as surface analysis (the details can be found in experimental section). Four samples were impregnated with polysulfides, including rutile TiO2 (#1), rutile TiO2 annealed under NH3 atmosphere at 700°C for 1.5h (#2), at 800°C for 1.5h (#3) and commercial TiN (#4). As shown in the optical image in Fig. 3 a, it is found that with the increase of nitrogen doping, the color of Li2S4 solution becomes increasingly clearer, indicating that the polysulfide adsorption on N-TiO2 should be thermodynamically favorable compared with pure TiO2. Such a message is further verified by the X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) surface analysis. As shown in the N 1s spectrum in Fig. 3b, with the increase of nitrogen doping, the peak related to Ti-N at 396.6eV becomes more intense, in comparison with the peaks related to LiTFSI at 399.3 and 401.7eV, a satellite peak is found to emerge besides the Ti-N bond, which could be attributed to the lowered Ti-N binding energy induced by the formation of Ti-S bonds. Such a message can be further verified in the Ti 2p spectrum in Fig. 3(c–e). Besides the peaks representing for Ti-O, there emerge more intense shoulder peaks for Ti-N and Ti-N-O at a higher nitrogen content . As the nitrogen doping lowers the binding energy of Ti4+, the peak representing Ti-S bond is found to be remarkably promoted. Notably, N-TiO2 sample annealed under NH3 atmosphere at 800°C exhibits very similar nitrogen content and adsorption performance with the commercial TiN powders, indicating that the annealing is sufficient for the nitridation of the formed nanowires.
Results and discussion.In addition to enhancing polysulfide binding ability, the electrical conductivity in the formed TiO2 nanowires is remarkably improved with nitrogen doping. Using the first principle calculation, the density of state (DOS) of pristine and N-doped TiO2 has been calculated to analyze the electronic properties [69–72]. For example, Yang et al. investigated the effect of nitrogen concentration on the electrical conductivity of TiO2. They found that as the nitrogen concentration increased from 0 to 1.39%, and then to 4.17%, TiO2 gradually transformed to metallic states (the nitrogen atomic concentration of N-TiO2 is 4.21 in this study) . Experimentally, using the 4-point probe measurement method, it is also found that N-TiO2 offers a high electrical conductivity of 46Scm−1 at 200 psi, comparable with carbonaceous material .
Results and discussion.With above results, it can be deduced that the N-TiO2 NW @ CC electrode can perform a remarkable role in adsorbing polysulfide species and transferring electrons. In the following section, we proceed to see whether the nitrogen doping in the formed nanowires leads to the performance enhancement.
Results and discussion.Comparison of the electrochemical performance was conceived among the pristine carbon cloth (CC), TiO2 NW @ CC and N-TiO2 NW @ CC electrodes. Li-polysulfide batteries with an areal sulfur loading around 4.8mgcm−2 were assembled. It is found that the batteries assembled with the as-prepared functionalized carbon cloth demonstrates dramatically improved rate performances as shown in Fig. 4 a. The corresponding voltage profiles are displayed in Fig. 4(b–d). For the battery with the pristine carbon cloth cathode, the cell voltage declines rapidly at the precipitation region even at an intermediate discharge rate of 0.4C, as can be seen in Fig. 4b. On the contrary, as shown in Fig. 4c and d, both TiO2 NW @ CC and N-TiO2 NW @ CC maintain the typical two-plateau voltage profiles at discharge rates ranging from 0.2 to 1C, while N-TiO2 NW @ CC demonstrates a prolonged discharge capacity, owing to its enlarged electrode/electrolyte interphase as well as its stronger polysulfide binding ability. Also, as can be seen in Fig. 4e, in terms of the cycling performance, for the battery with the pristine carbon cloth electrode, the discharge capacity decayed dramatically after the initial 20 cycles for the reason that the graphitized carbon surface cannot well immobilize the polysulfide species. In comparison, for the battery with the TiO2 NW @ CC electrode, the average decay rate is lowered to 0.36% for 120 cycles, indicating that polysulfide shuttles have been effectively reduced by the adsorption of TiO2 nanowires. However, the utilization ratio of active material can be lowered due to the semi-conducting nature of TiO2 and the residual polysulfides in the electrolyte can keep passivating the Li anode over cycling. Therefore, reasonably, with both enhanced polysulfide binding ability and electrical conductivity, the battery with the N-TiO2 NW @ CC electrode performs better in maintaining its capacity, with an average decay rate of 0.19% for 200 cycles. The corresponding voltage profiles can be also found in Fig. 4f.
Results and discussion.Specifically, in this work, we intend to characterize the role of polysulfide binding nanowire structured electrode’s role in improving the battery’s performance. The stabilized cycling of the battery was achieved without additional anode protection strategies. Here we list recent papers related with titania based polysulfide binding material and carbon cloth electrode in Table S1. It is seen that the use of porous carbon current collectors renders a higher areal sulfur loading than those composite electrodes, which are usually below 2mgcm−2 . Also, we show that with the rational integration of polysulfide binding material, the carbon cloth electrode can achieve an improved cyclability in comparison with those bare porous carbon current collectors such as carbon paper and carbon cloth . Compared with the carbon nanostructured CC electrode, the polysulfide binding nanowire structured CC electrode also achieves more superior performance, further confirming the rationality of this design .
Results and discussion.The performance improvement was further verified using cyclic voltammetry (CV) and electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS). Corresponding to the charge/discharge curves, the higher peak at ∼2.25V is associated with the reduction from elemental sulfur to long-chain polysulfide and the lower peak at ∼2.0V representing the precipitation of the lower polysulfide species (Li2Sn, n≤2) from Li2S4. With the use of N-TiO2 NW @ CC electrode, as shown in Fig. 5 (a, b), it is found that both peaks are promoted, while the ratio between the lower and higher peaks is significantly increased, indicating the polysulfide crossover is mitigated and the precipitation kinetics is improved. The enhanced rate performance can be also confirmed by electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS). As shown in Fig. 5(c, d), the EIS results for the three electrodes are composed of depressed semicircles in the high-frequency region, corresponding to the charge-transfer processes (usually the semicircle at a higher frequency represents the anodic charge transfer while the lower one represents the cathodic charge transfer), and a sloping straight line in the low-frequency region corresponding to a semi-infinite Warburg diffusion process . It is found that the carbon cloth cathode functionalized by N-TiO2 NW, which is of a higher electrical conductivity and polysulfide binding ability, shows a remarkably lower charge transfer resistance than other two cathodes (pristine carbon cloth and TiO2 NW @ CC). With the Li2S deposition spatially controlled by the unique nanowire structure, there is a closer contact between Li2S precipitates and the electrode, leading to the lower charge transfer resistance for N-TiO2 NW @ CC electrode, explaining the excellent rate performance.
Results and discussion.In the last section, we discuss the roles of the unique nanowire structured electrode in improving the battery’s precipitation kinetics, which is critically essential for the battery’s rate performance. As shown in the SEM image in Fig. 6 a, on the pristine carbon cloth surface, since the conductivity of Li2S is known to be as low as 10−14 Scm−1, the Li2S precipitates on the carbon fiber surface are found to be discrete thin flakes. In contrast, when the electrode surface is decorated with conductive polysulfide binding nanowires, more polysulfides can be adsorbed onto the electrode, which facilitates the transport of polysulfides to the precipitation sites on the conductive carbon surface . In addition, more electron transport pathway can be provided, which allows for the precipitation of Li2S along the nanowire . As shown in the SEM image and corresponding EDX mapping of the discharge electrode in Fig. 6b and c, the carbon fibers decorated with functional nanowires are found to be uniformly impregnated with film-like Li2S. Such a morphology can be linked to the lowered interfacial energy barrier to adsorb polysulfide anions, leading to the accelerated formation of nucleation sites as well as film-like precipitates .
Concluding remarks.To conclude, via facile and rational electrode engineering, the N-doped TiO2 nanowire functionalized carbon cloth was fabricated as the open structure electrode for use in Li-polysulfide batteries. With soaking experiment and surface analysis, the polar surface of N-TiO2 was found to demonstrate an enhanced polysulfide binding ability than rutile TiO2. Combining the electrochemical performances and SEM characterization, it is found that the battery’s rate performance corresponding to Li2S precipitation can be considerably improved, which can be attributed to the enlarged electrode/electrolyte interface, excellent electronic conductivity as well as desirable adsorption properties provided by N-TiO2 nanowire structured electrode. The achieved results suggest that rational integration of polysulfide binding material provide promising opportunities for enhancing Li-S batteries’ performance.