Copper oxide nanostructures were grown by a custom-built cold-wall CVD apparatus consisting of a tubular quartz chamber, a resistively heated susceptor, and an external reservoir for precursor vaporization, adopting Cu(hfa)2·TMEDA as molecular source. On the basis of our recent results, the synthesis of pure Cu2O and CuO nanostructures was performed at temperatures of 400 and 550 °C (deposition time = 2 h; precursor vaporization temperature = 70 °C). Vapor transport toward the deposition zone was performed through heated gas lines (120 °C) by an O2 flow (purity = 6.0; flow rates = 20 and 100 sccm for Cu2O and CuO, respectively). In addition, an auxiliary oxygen flow (20 and 100 sccm for the two cases) was introduced separately into the reaction chamber after passing through a water reservoir (50 °C). Total pressures were set at 3.0 and 10.0 mbar for Cu2O and CuO, respectively, with corresponding estimated H2O partial pressures of ∼0.3 and 1.5 mbar. Depositions were performed on Ti substrates (99.7%, Aldrich; thickness = 0.25 mm, size = 8 × 8 mm2 ), previously subjected to ultrasonic degreasing in dichloromethane, rinsing in isopropanol, and final drying in air. Subsequent TiO2 dispersion was performed starting from Ti-(O-iPr)2(dpm)2 (99.99%, Aldrich; vaporization temperature = 80 °C) adopting the same CVD equipment, at total pressure of 10.0 mbar and substrate temperature of 400 °C [deposition time = 20 min, 40 and 80 sccm flow rates for the precursor mass-transport (O2) and the auxiliary inlet (O2 + H2O), respectively]. The use of higher temperatures was discarded in order to prevent undesired modifications of Cu2O and CuO matrices. All the other parameters were set as for the CuxO deposition. The obtained CuxO-TiO2 composite samples were cooled down at room temperature before contacting the external atmosphere and subsequently characterized without any ex situ treatment.
The PBA precursor, of IUPAC name 3-nitro-N-[3-(triethoxysilyl)propyl]-4-[[[3-(triethoxysilyl)propyl]amino]-methyl]benzamide, was first synthesized and characterized. The synthesis involved a soft chlorination of 4-(bromomethyl)-3-nitrobenzoic acid, followed by a coupling with 2 equiv of (3-aminopropyl)triethoxysilane in dichloromethane under base catalysis at 0 °C. The chemical structure of the precursor was confirmed via proton and carbon NMR and Fourier transform infrared (FTIR) spectroscopies. BS nanomaterials were then synthesized via sol−gel methods. Controlled designs of BS NPs with different morphologies were achieved via a modified Stöber method. An aqueous mixture containing cetyltrimethylammonium bromide (CTAB), a sodium hydroxide catalyst, and an ethanol cosolvent was prepared at 75 °C. Then, hydrolysis−condensation of the PBA precursor was conducted for 2 h. Such conditions led to the formation of BS NPs with size under 200 nm, as shown by transmission electron microscopy (TEM) image.
Amikabeads-P (P: parental) were generated using the emulsion polymerization method. Amikacin hydrate (100 mg, 0.17 mmol) was dissolved in 1 mL of nanopure water followed by addition of poly(ethylene glycol) diglycidyl ether (PEGDE) in a mole ratio of 1:2 to generate a uniform mixture. The mixture was stirred at 100 rpm and pregelled for 4 min at 70 °C. After 4 min, the solution was collected in a syringe and dispensed slowly into a solution of mineral oil and 1% (w/v) Span-80 through 27 G11/4 BD PrecisionGlide needle. The mineral oil-surfactant solution was maintained at 65 °C throughout the process. Approximately ∼500 μL of the pregel solution was dispensed into the heated oil phase within 25 min under constant stirring of 260 rpm. The beads were allowed to gel for 10 min after their addition followed by extensive washing and size measurements. The beads were collected by centrifugation for 10 min at 5500 rpm. Oil was washed off the surface of the beads by using a solution of ∼1% (v/v) Tween 20 detergent. Following detergent washes, the beads were finally washed multiple times with nanopure water. The particle diameters of Amikabeads-P were measured using phase-contrast microscopy; 50 beads were chosen randomly from each batch and their diameters were recorded. The averaged bead diameter of these samples was used as an indicator of size in subsequent analyses.
Zinc-doped MgO (ZnxMg1−xO) powders were synthesized in a flame spray reactor. Detailed description of the setup can be found elsewhere. For the preparation of the precursor solutions, 56.8 g of Mg(II) acetylacetonate was dissolved in a mixture of 2−ethylhexanoic acid (167.2 mL), ethanol absolute (100.0 mL) and certain amount of xylene, to make a final volume of 500.0 mL, corresponding to an Mg(II) concentration of 0.5 mol/L. The Zn(II) solution (0.5 mol/L) was made by diluting 81.7 g of Zn(II) naphthenate (in naphthenic acid as received) with xylene to a final volume of 250.0 mL. The Mg(II) and Zn(II) solutions were mixed at chosen volume ratio to achieve the desired Zn(II) doping levels while keeping the total metal concentration of 0.5 mol/L in the precursor solutions. During flame spray pyrolysis experiments, the mixed precursor solution was fed by a syringe pump (KD Scientific) at a fixed flow rate of 5.0 mL/min. The liquid was dispersed into fine droplets by O2 gas (5.0 L/min, 1.5 bar) at the spray nozzle exit. The spray was ignited by a CH4/O2 (1.5 and 3.2 L/min, respectively) supporting flame to form a self−sustained flame. The flow rates of all gases were controlled by calibrated mass flow controllers (Bronkhorst High-Tech). The generated ZnxMg1−xO particles were directed by a vacuum pump and collected on a water-cooled glass fiber filter (Whatman GF−6) placed 450 mm above the nozzle. After being collected from the filter surface, the powders were sieved to remove the glass fibers.
A solution of G0.5-C18 (0.6 g, 1.0 mmol) and ED-2003 (1.0 g, 0.5 mmol) in dry THF (15 mL) was stirred at 60 °C under a N2 atmosphere for approximately 4 h. After cooling to room temperature, the volatiles were evaporated under reduced pressure. The crude product was purified through column chromatography (SiO2; EtOAc/hexanes) to obtain D-G0.5-C18 as a yellowish viscous liquid (0.50 g, 35%). 
Silver nitrate (AgNO3) was added [at various AgNO3-todendrimer  mole ratios (from 1 to 100 000)] to an aqueous solution containing micelles of a dumbbell-shaped dendrimer. Furthermore, four equivalents of reduction agent NaBH4 were added to the solution with vigorous stirring. During the reduction process, the color of solution changed from transparent to yellowish, indicating that reduction of Ag+ to Ag0 was occurring in the micelle solution. The UV−vis absorption spectrum of the AgNP-dispersed micelle solution was measured to evaluate the reduction of the Ag colloid in solution. In addition, the encapsulation capacity of the AgNPs in the dumbbellshaped dendrimer based micelles was calculated according to the literature.11 The organic/AgNP nanohybrid solution was prepared by the reduction of the AgNO3 (AgNO3/D-G2.5-C18 molar ratio: 1000:1) in the dumbbell-shaped dendrimer based micelle (10−4 wt %, 1.34 × 10−7 M) solution. The organic/AgNP nanohybrid solution was then dialyzed against deionized water with a dialysis membrane (molecular weight cut off: 12 000−14 000 g/mol) for 24 h.
A Teflon-lined stainless steel autoclave was  filled with 20 mL aqueous solution, which containing 0.1 M of FeCl3·6H2O and 1.0 M NaNO3. A piece of FTO glass was cleaned ultrasonically in pure water, ethanol, and acetone and then rinsed in water again before chemical bath deposition. Then the FTO glass was put into the autoclave and heated at 95 °C. A uniform yellow layer of iron oxyhydrodides (FeOOH) film was formed on the FTO substrate cooled slowly to room temperature for PEC measurements. In a different approach, hematite-nanostructured photoanodes were prepared with the same conditions except the lack of using inorganic salt NaNO3 in the electrolyte during the process of chemical bath deposition.
Vertically aligned Si nanostructure arrays (SiNs) on boron-doped p-type single-side-polished Si(100) substrates (resistivity = 2−10 Ω cm) were fabricated by ICP-RIE etching technique using silver nano-particles as a mask. Si substrates were first cleaned through the standard RCA cleaning process. Thereafter, a uniform layer of Ag nanoparticles (Ag NPs) on cleaned Si were prepared by depositing a Ag film ∼10 nm thick by thermal evaporation, followed by annealing in an inert atmosphere at 400 °C for 1 h. Si pieces of 2 × 2 cm 2 in size coated with Ag NPs (average diameter of ∼50 nm) were then transferred into the SENTECH SI 500 ICP-RIE system employing CF4 gas to etch the unmasked area. In CF4-based plasma etching system, under application of an electric field, free electrons collide with neutral molecules of CF4 , resulting in dissociation of CF4 into electrons, ions, and fluorine radicals because of dissociative ionization, resulting in the formation of volatile SiF4 . Though dry etching is a combination of both physical and chemical mechanisms, outer Si atoms are dominantly removed by chemical reaction in an ICP-RIE process. Although the ICP power controls the plasma density, an additional RF source is coupled capacitively to the substrate holder to adjust the substrate bias voltage. The bias voltage to the substrate is generally very low, on the order of a few tens of volts only, offering low velocity with which ions hit the substrate. As a result, the ICP-RIE method provides minimal ion-induced damage. Substrate temperature, gas flow rate, and chamber pressure were kept at constant values of 20 °C, 0.6 Pa, and 40 sccm, respectively, which are found to be optimal for growth. ICP and RF powers were varied to attain the desired aspect ratio for lowest reflectance in Si nanostructures.
The n-type undoped GaN-coated sapphire substrate was initially cleaned with acetone, ethanol, and deionized water, respectively, and then blown with dry N 2 before deposition. The n-GaN layer with a thickness of 3.2 μm has a resistivity and a carrier concentration of 9.13 × 10 −2 Ω cm and 1.78 × 10 17 cm −3 , respectively. Then, 80-nm MZO film was deposited on the GaN-coated sapphire substrate by radio frequency reactive magnetron sputtering at 100 °C. The films were deposited at total pressure of 2.0 Pa with a power of sputtering of 120 W and an Ar/O2 ratio of 8:3. Herein, the thickness of the MZO film is measured by a surface profilometer (Talysurf Serles II) and the MZO composition was determined by X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS). Before deposition, the target was presputtered for 10 min to remove some possible contaminants. Then, 80-nm-thick Au electrodes were patterned on the ZnO surface with a shadow mask by radio frequency reactive magnetron sputtering at room temperature. After that, the devices were annealed at 700 °C for 2 h in air. Finally, to get large-area Ohmic contacts to the surface of GaN, an In electrode was applied. The Au electrode area is π × 0.5 2 mm 2 and the In electrode area is 1 × 0.5 mm 2 . All the I−V characteristics were measured by a Keithley 4200 electrometer. The EL measurements were carried out in an Acton SpectroPro 2500 monochromator. Transmission electron microscope (TEM) techniques, including the bright field (BF) imaging, high resolution (HR) and the selected area electron diffraction (SAED), were performed using a JEOL JEM0−2010 (HT) electron microscope. All of these measurements were carried out at room temperature (RT) in ambient atmosphere.
TiO2−M−TiO2 (M = W and Co) Multilayer Film Synthesis. The procedure for the sample preparation was previously reported in detail. We provide a brief description with the particular samples used in this work. TiO−M−TiO2 (M = W and Co) multilayer films were deposited on glass substrates using radio-frequency reactive magnetron sputtering. For each sample, four layers of TiO2 and three layers of the selected metal were deposited. Alternately, one layer of TiO2 and one layer of the metal were deposited as this procedure was repeated three times. After the TiO2 /metal layers were deposited, an additional layer of TiO2 was added as a cover. The total thickness of the TiO2 layers was about 80 nm. The deposition rates of the W and Co layers were 10 and 5.3 nm/min, respectively, and two different deposition times of 10 and 30 s were selected. After deposition, all TiO2 −M−TiO2 films were annealed at 500 °C in air for 2 h.
Different ZnIn2S4 polymorphs were synthesized via a hydrothermal process according to our previous report. For cubic ZnIn2S4 , Zn(NO3)2·6H2O (0.297 g, 1 mmol), In-(NO3)3·4.5H2O (0.762 g, 2 mmol), and thioacetamide (TAA, 0.15 g, 2 mmol) were dissolved in 70 mL of deionized water and transferred to a 100 mL Teflon linear. The Teflon linear was sealed in the stainless steel autoclave and heated at 120 °C. After the reaction, the autoclave was cooled to room temperature. The product collected was washed with deionized water several times before it was dried at 60 °C to obtain the final product. A similar procedure was applied in the preparation of hexagonal ZnIn2S4 microspheres except that ZnCl2 and InCl3·4H2O were used as the metal precursors.