A Teflon-lined stainless steel autoclave was filled with 20 mL aqueous solution, which containing 0.1 M of FeCl3·6H2O and 1.0 M NaNO3. A piece of FTO glass was cleaned ultrasonically in pure water, ethanol, and acetone and then rinsed in water again before chemical bath deposition. Then the FTO glass was put into the autoclave and heated at 95 °C. A uniform yellow layer of iron oxyhydrodides (FeOOH) film was formed on the FTO substrate cooled slowly to room temperature for PEC measurements. In a different approach, hematite-nanostructured photoanodes were prepared with the same conditions except the lack of using inorganic salt NaNO3 in the electrolyte during the process of chemical bath deposition.
Vertically aligned Si nanostructure arrays (SiNs) on boron-doped p-type single-side-polished Si(100) substrates (resistivity = 2−10 Ω cm) were fabricated by ICP-RIE etching technique using silver nano-particles as a mask. Si substrates were first cleaned through the standard RCA cleaning process. Thereafter, a uniform layer of Ag nanoparticles (Ag NPs) on cleaned Si were prepared by depositing a Ag film ∼10 nm thick by thermal evaporation, followed by annealing in an inert atmosphere at 400 °C for 1 h. Si pieces of 2 × 2 cm2 in size coated with Ag NPs (average diameter of ∼50 nm) were then transferred into the SENTECH SI 500 ICP-RIE system employing CF4 gas to etch the unmasked area. In CF4-based plasma etching system, under application of an electric field, free electrons collide with neutral molecules of CF4, resulting in dissociation of CF4 into electrons, ions, and fluorine radicals because of dissociative ionization, resulting in the formation of volatile SiF4. Though dry etching is a combination of both physical and chemical mechanisms, outer Si atoms are dominantly removed by chemical reaction in an ICP-RIE process. Although the ICP power controls the plasma density, an additional RF source is coupled capacitively to the substrate holder to adjust the substrate bias voltage. The bias voltage to the substrate is generally very low, on the order of a few tens of volts only, offering low velocity with which ions hit the substrate. As a result, the ICP-RIE method provides minimal ion-induced damage. Substrate temperature, gas flow rate, and chamber pressure were kept at constant values of 20 °C, 0.6 Pa, and 40 sccm, respectively, which are found to be optimal for growth. ICP and RF powers were varied to attain the desired aspect ratio for lowest reflectance in Si nanostructures.
The n-type undoped GaN-coated sapphire substrate was initially cleaned with acetone, ethanol, and deionized water, respectively, and then blown with dry N2 before deposition. The n-GaN layer with a thickness of 3.2 μm has a resistivity and a carrier concentration of 9.13 × 10 −2 Ω cm and 1.78 × 10 17 cm−3 , respectively. Then, 80-nm MZO film was deposited on the GaN-coated sapphire substrate by radio frequency reactive magnetron sputtering at 100 °C. The films were deposited at total pressure of 2.0 Pa with a power of sputtering of 120 W and an Ar/O2 ratio of 8:3. Herein, the thickness of the MZO film is measured by a surface profilometer (Talysurf Serles II) and the MZO composition was determined by X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS). Before deposition, the target was presputtered for 10 min to remove some possible contaminants. Then, 80-nm-thick Au electrodes were patterned on the ZnO surface with a shadow mask by radio frequency reactive magnetron sputtering at room temperature. After that, the devices were annealed at 700 °C for 2 h in air. Finally, to get large-area Ohmic contacts to the surface of GaN, an In electrode was applied. The Au electrode area is π × 0.5 2 mm2 and the In electrode area is 1 × 0.5 mm2 . All the I−V characteristics were measured by a Keithley 4200 electrometer. The EL measurements were carried out in an Acton SpectroPro 2500 monochromator. Transmission electron microscope (TEM) techniques, including the bright field (BF) imaging, high resolution (HR) and the selected area electron diffraction (SAED), were performed using a JEOL JEM0−2010 (HT) electron microscope. All of these measurements were carried out at room temperature (RT) in ambient atmosphere.
TiO2−M−TiO2 (M = W and Co) Multilayer Film Synthesis. The procedure for the sample preparation was previously reported in detail. We provide a brief description with the particular samples used in this work. TiO−M−TiO2 (M = W and Co) multilayer films were deposited on glass substrates using radio-frequency reactive magnetron sputtering. For each sample, four layers of TiO2 and three layers of the selected metal were deposited. Alternately, one layer of TiO2 and one layer of the metal were deposited as this procedure was repeated three times. After the TiO2 /metal layers were deposited, an additional layer of TiO2 was added as a cover. The total thickness of the TiO2 layers was about 80 nm. The deposition rates of the W and Co layers were 10 and 5.3 nm/min, respectively, and two different deposition times of 10 and 30 s were selected. After deposition, all TiO2 −M−TiO2 films were annealed at 500 °C in air for 2 h.
Different ZnIn2S4 polymorphs were synthesized via a hydrothermal process according to our previous report. For cubic ZnIn2S4 , Zn(NO3)2·6H2O (0.297 g, 1 mmol), In-(NO3)3·4.5H2O (0.762 g, 2 mmol), and thioacetamide (TAA, 0.15 g, 2 mmol) were dissolved in 70 mL of deionized water and transferred to a 100 mL Teflon linear. The Teflon linear was sealed in the stainless steel autoclave and heated at 120 °C. After the reaction, the autoclave was cooled to room temperature. The product collected was washed with deionized water several times before it was dried at 60 °C to obtain the final product. A similar procedure was applied in the preparation of hexagonal ZnIn2S4 microspheres except that ZnCl2 and InCl3·4H2O were used as the metal precursors.